He raised his eyes and saw the bright sky on the top. He wanted to struggle from the sun. He saw a dark net and he jumped in.

He heard a few screams of surprise, and through the big net he saw a solitary shed, and the people in the shed licked the goose's feet and soaked the shackles. At this time they all stood up and he saw him getting closer and closer to them.

Later, a man caught him and made him unable to move. They quickly passed through a bridge of five or six meters high. Under the bridge is the sea of ​​winter, and the sea is a large stone. He couldn't breathe, he felt uncomfortable, and he only kept on struggling.

He was thrown to the ground, and the man was still pressing him. There are a few people around. Some people have gone further. He is even more uncomfortable, and he simply does not move. The sky in his eyes suddenly covered a black shadow, and a stick straight into his head. His brain made a sharp call. He can't make a sound.

I stumbled again. The stick has a strange shape. He swayed in pain, and the man almost pressed him. The onlookers spoke louder, and he desperately looked at the stick on his head and neck. He saw the red blood fly out and flew far. He realized that it was his own blood. He didn't feel pain, only the red and black sun was in front of him.

The man turned him over. His shattered face rubbed against the ground, listening to the sound of metal friction. He took two more sticks and he didn't move.

He was placed on a wet stretcher. His upper body was firmly fixed. He felt the pain of the bones, spreading from the toes to the calves and thighs, to the chest and shoulders. The intense pain rushed to him wave by wave. Just then he felt a little loose on his shoulder and he had no time to think, turned and jumped up. There was only sunshine and blood in his eyes, and he rushed straight down the cave next to him. He heard those people exclaiming behind him. He didn't stop, he couldn't stop, and he was going down with a broken body.

Write a fish that has been smashed by wzj fifteen times and then jumped into the sewer.

The ghost above may be the aftereffect of Acheng’s "The Winds of the Earth".

Gradually realized that the language level stayed at an unbearable level, many words and words were not recognized, and all expressions were based on what they knew before they graduated from junior high school.

In this highly fragmented era, it is hard to express an idea with a logically clear statement. Writing a long thing seems to have become a luxury.

But I believe that it can be better through practice and persistence, and in order not to smug and lose yourself in a simple and easy way of expression. I look forward to seeing my progress in this public number.

Text is a way of understanding the world. I hope we will not lose this touch.

Purple mcflurry

My left hand and my right hand barely controlled the direction, but fortunately the right hand maintained its shape before I separated from the steering wheel. The right shoulder was pinned to the seat, the shift lever was embedded in the center of the thigh, and my feet were unaware. The car is full of my limbs. The broken window was swept by the branches. The left side of the road was the Qiantang River. At this moment, I was not afraid of his flood. I longed for his cold water and extinguished the burning pain in every corner of the car. But the yellow and black striped roadblocks prevented our hugs. I looked up at the rearview mirror desperately, but found one eye, hidden behind the flowered glasses, my eyes focused and serious. There is no one in the back and behind the car, I am very clear. He must be Aberforth. He must have seen it.

Never a ranger would want to deal with such a thing. The brother said. He picked up the tools, threw them on the old and strong Honda 125, patted the jeans he had kept for years, and left me standing in the mountains. I probed into the metal block that was huddled together. I threw out the computers and notes in my bag and put the pieces in it. I can't remember the shape of them, only one piece left a deep impression on me. That is the forefoot. Remember that he showed me the badminton and then kicked the ball back. When he jumped up, he squeezed his toes into a special shape. I don't remember how much I installed, it's about what I can. Then I quit and the back was cold sweat. I took my bag and it was light and there was no weight at all. Is it because nothing is left after death? I walked into the beautiful rainbow.

I woke up at the coffee table of the Dabo family. I didn't have time to drink the only one left in the plate, and went out and turned to the eaves of the temple. Women continue to bring things to worship. When the lamp was full, I knew that I had a bag on my back.

A taxi stopped by me, a convertible Tesla. I drilled into the back row, and the uncle who was sitting in the co-pilot was watching Miss Bai, and I was talking to the driver. He turned his head and ripped his face and smiled, saying that the moonlight is so beautiful tonight, I said yes.

We are against the national road. We are heading towards the windmill. We drove through a cave, and the people in the cave looked at us naked. The co-pilot’s uncle said that he wants to see the exotic style. Special price 299. I touched the bag, and the heart inside seemed to have a slight vibration. Take me to the hospital, you guys are comfortable. But we drove to the tourist rest area. The piglet said to take a bowl of fried noodles to rest.

The color of the fried noodles is rusty wire. Two eggs were added to the dirty light green. The driver and Uncle Bai disappeared. I realized why the piglet was by my side. His heart twitched in the bag on my back, his pieces filled with bags and even the compartment where I put Kindle on weekdays. Who is the man who has a black hair and a low head? He raised his head and smiled.

In some stories, we never know the ending.

Is dreaming a manifestation of imagination or a supplement?
Is dreaming a form of creativity or a supplement?

Flower and Alice

I am in the corner of a cell. Darren is at the end of the diagonal. The faint light shines through the window above his head on the wall on my right hand, contouring the three people. The one closest to me was a girl with a long hair. The person around her was quiet like a picture. I didn't have any impression of him until the end. The prison door is on the right hand side of that person, I only later learned. Now it is silently hidden in the darkness.

Standing next to the prison door, the last person, also a long-haired girl, buns face. Her eyes left a deep impression on me, there was a kind of frank calm, as if I always knew what I wanted.

The line of sight swept back and returned to Darren. He was tied by a white scorpion and had already broken off halfway. The long-haired girl around me whispered to me and asked me to help her out. I took out my wand and opened it with a wave. She nodded her thanks and pointed to the buns face girl farthest away.

The buns face girl walked slowly toward me. Her face was white and smooth, her eyes were straightforward, and she had not changed in a flash. I glanced at darren, his brow wrinkled, shaking his head and persuading me not to untie her.

The footsteps came from behind me. The man was outside the wall and went to the door, which was smooth step by step.

The long-haired girl signaled me to help the girl with a bun. The buns face girl has come to me, staring at me in the autumn, and kissed me. I forgot how my eyes finished focusing, but her eyes made people unable to open their eyes. The expression on her face did not fluctuate from beginning to end. Darren had already slammed the white scorpion on the floor, and he watched me nervously shaking his head. I looked at the girl and remembered the performance of Abramovic for 77 years.

The rectangular light broke into the cell with the sound of metal collision. The first fence on the door was opened. The long-haired girl took a step back and looked at the door. The buns face girl turned over and kissed me, and quickly retired, like the hand of a lucky cat. There is an ethereal spirit in her eyes. I hesitated to raise my wand, and darren no longer shook his head, just watching nervously. With a wave of hand, the whiteness of the girl disappeared. Four people play one person, always better than three people.

The second and third fences were pushed open. The man pushed the door hard, the heavy iron door circled on the wall, and the bright yellow light came in to catch the darren. He has already made a fuss to pounce on the man.

I still can't see people, just want to help him in the past. The foot made a force and found that the legs were blocked by the non-tactile barrier. I turned my head in dismay and saw the girl with buns standing in front of me. The face with no expression from the beginning to the end, calm to the trembling eyes. Suddenly, I was fainting from the depths of my heart, as if the soul was stunned and unable to dissipate in her eyes. I have already foreseen what is going to happen, maybe it is human intuition, but this intuition only gives me deeper despair. The person I am worried about is not the person at the door.

She took a dagger in her left hand and quickly inserted it into my stomach. The whole body lost support during the moment, and the things in the stomach were squeezed and deformed like plastic. There was a feeling of hunger for two days. I held her shoulder to prevent falling under her feet. I kept looking at her eyes because I couldn't do anything other than that. My body screamed in fear, and she didn't smile at the last minute.

It stands to reason that what we imagine is built on all the experiences that have been experienced or touched. So can a person imagine what he has not experienced? Touch? Pain?

I woke up in the game cabin. There is a faint pain in the stomach. Or the brain is telling me like this. Why do we like horror movies? Why do you like the feeling of fear? The episode of Black Mirror says that we like the excitement of finding yourself safe and fearless after fear. I think it is the sense of loss of control over the collapse of the rules.

There are many negative things in this world, ugly, bloody, violent, and fearful. How to understand without facing each other.

Xu Weichuan

Xu Wei, Hangzhou people too. Good at nasal blood eruption, so the old blood is also forced. With the miles of two friends, Du Hao is called the old blood mountain. This article is compiled from the memory of two friends.

His appearance is three strange. One, regardless of the heat and cold, standing six abdominal muscles, it is dangerous, not to be different from time to time. Both must be arrogant and arrogant. He tasted the Stanford Summer School, and he had to send it for more than a month. When he was in the sky, he was ashamed, and everyone sighed: The real code farmer also. Three, red lips and flames, bright purple demon red, glamorous can not be square. I have tasted a girl who is a student of the school, and puts a lip on the lips of the Estee Lauder.

When he was young, he was like football. His father, the quasi-health to the physical school training, such as the fish. Half a month, the score dropped from the second to the fifth, and Xu’s father’s funeral was not long-lasting.

To the sixth grade, it has a young girl who is innocent, innocent and playful, often with a shadowless foot attacking Xu Weizhi, to be intimate. Xu Wei's pain is unbearable, unbearable, tearful and sorrowful.

The final elementary school, into the cattle school, the name of Hangzhou. A group of friends who know iron and blood, a group of friends and friends. Every time I rushed to the shift, I gathered all the wolves and swayed in the green field.

I tasted the eve of an intercollegiate match, and the dream scored a three-goal lead-out score to win the game. To be surprised is a dream, and I can't help but smile. It was also the day, and the Xu Wei team was scored two goals. Xu Wei suddenly has the help of God, single-handedly, conflicts, and even the three city support team to win, actually no different from the dream. Then Xu Wei was blamed, but the vision was not seen. This is the most embarrassing life of Xu Wei’s life. After this war, the foreigners rumored to the folk songs: the famous generals also suffered from lung pain, and thousands of troops avoided the shackles.


Going to the Lion City, I was admitted to the ACSI's strongest class, and served as the vice-chairman of the dormitory student association. I organized the FAME to hold the red mosquitoes, and there was no one in the limelight. The vice president also called it (Li, 2017).

However, the reason why Xu Wei is a Xu Yi, because it is different from the ordinary god. Birthday 蹴鞠 fracture, lying for three months. Friends of the Du Hao Association with their washing (Du, 2017), gradually growing up. A group of wolf friends, from the fairprice to take all kinds of milk, in the forefront of Xu Yan bed to sit next, a glimpse of the sorrow, look at the universe, look at the universe, the quality of the category, the history of the "milk" is also. Afterwards, I tasted the wild fan dance fan, and I stayed up all night, and I saw that the dragon was fierce and the arm was called Kirin. One day, spring and Jingming, it’s not a shock, but it’s a good time to read and water. Xu Wei is itch and squatting. Then fold back in the same place and lay back for three months. Everyone is ridiculous, and it is here. Every time afterwards, the wounds of the grapefruits will be wound around the wounds. This is a postscript.

Entering the National University, when the code is farmer, the code is like life. Every time I go to the house, I don’t see anyone, I first heard the guitar music, because it often uses classical music to help the code. I have a prof and I am very happy. Pushing in the door, I saw a bare-chested Chinese-Chinese, slim, double-eyed, and sometimes my fingertips flew, sometimes scratching my head, Xu Wei is also. Fear of cervical folding, so standing and writing code, known as "Equatorial Haimingwei". Writing code to Xu Wei, just like Jin Meizhi in Sheng Yu, to build a foundation for the boss, to tie the needle to the brother, can not be free. With a small piece of paper stuck to the wall, for all kinds of puzzles, for leisure and thinking.

In the USP, I am striving for it, and I am good at brainstorming. Relating to the spirit of the dust, the same fate as the fate, and the boss talk about sow farming, talking with the old ugly sometimes. The Kindle doesn't leave, and sighs "My wife must read Wang Xiaobo", and there are screenshots. It loves two things at the National University, a sap of guava juice, and a spicy spicy pot. Food can not be spicy, sexual paranoia, anyone who eats with food, must be a little spicy. The incense pot is presented on both sides. It is necessary to take a slice of mango and orange juice and place it on both sides. Only for a moment, sweat is like rain, lips are like spurs, there are still more than half in the pot, and the two are empty.

This person is more arrogant and superb. The shoes are pink and bright. He is good at changing the scissors and continuously changing his feet. When he is traveling, his feet are like butterflies flying. I tasted the elevator mouth and danced toward the lounge glass, and I was so fluent that I was so surprised. There was also a broken car, and the capital was collected by the seniors. Taste the back ditch, a foolish man, the old ugly, tied the car next to the foodclique without deceleration and bending, the car turned Kindle, and miserable.

At the end of January, two thousand and seven years in the year, Xu Wei traveled across the ocean and went to Silicon Valley for one year. There are small wild flowers in the back court, and they are planted when they leave. When it is time to return, or has been paved.
Powder tree and wolf

The night before, ending with the old man, he ended the interview with 14 elders in the family. I even forgot what it was like to be the fuse of this interview. Perhaps it was a long time ago to see Litchi remotely interview her mother. A simple idea is that in the past stories, we will not take the initiative to ask them. And I feel that these stories have an important connection with my identity.

In the beginning, I made clear my motivation, not doing it for the purpose of gaining something, or making it meaningful for this process. After the end, I felt that I still had some ideas. One constructs a more family history from each person's narrative; the two introduce each person into the role of the family, and understand them in a way that understands an individual; the three hope that through the exchange with me Their new thinking may be a more systematic summary of the past, perhaps a deeper understanding of themselves on a personal level.


In a 15-hour interview with a total of 14 people, I listened to many stories, mostly in Yanhong Town, where I was very familiar. The story is not shared for privacy reasons.

Sometimes we know a person for many years and think that we know each other very well, and such understanding is mostly based on our own judgment, often lacking the analysis of the other party. Even if this kind of analysis is easy to be subjective, it is an important part of constructing personality characteristics.
When listening to different people talking about the same thing or even the same thing, it is easy to feel the censor of a family change, and the brand of time easily increases the sense of weight. Think of the sentence I saw before: This is not your own struggle, but the struggle of the entire family. The general idea is that your starting point is the result of the efforts of the predecessors, and your efforts determine the starting point of the descendants, so the direct comparison between individuals and individuals sometimes does not apply. This kind of struggle for the family may be scorned by individualism today, but it does have a tremendous power. The father and mother have completed the transition from poverty to well-off, from rural to urban, and my mission is to let Xiaomei go further.

The most profound thing I feel is that the toughness and vitality that are naturally manifested in these stories become more abundant and vivid after being supplemented by each person's perspective. This is a long-lasting force that may not be easily observed in the daily life of tea, rice and salt.

The old lady asked me what I had harvested, and I don’t know. Perhaps it is to see the trajectory of his own life.

I wish you all a happy and healthy life.

Wind and moon is boundless

That day you and your friends discussed the graduation thesis at the dinner table. The discussion was overwhelming. When you go to the rice, the friend tells you to see a girl. You saw the girl frowning slightly, complaining to someone opposite her. You find that look like your first love at the age of sixteen.

So you ran to the group to share, and everyone was ridiculed. You are a little bit boring and go back to see the 50-page chapter on the nature of human nature.

Later, on the 50 pages, you have not finished reading your brains. Two days later, when you were cooking, you saw a girl, a bright scorpion, circled in front of several stores, with curious and careful expressions. You fucked the deer, followed the girl around the circle, followed the girl to a bowl of tomato soup, took a cup of lemon tea, you patiently waited for the girl to explore the place to take the tableware, and finally found that the girl was accompanied by another girl.

You are full of frustration, and you are relieved to prove that you are not awkward, but the resistance is a bit strong.

You then ran to the group to take their own insults, and was reminded by the friends of the base that it was the girl of the day. You then drank lemon tea and thought about why the girl was heartbroken.
The almost non-existent sourness and not the strong sweetness make lemon tea the most acceptable drink. In every McDonald's, you can avoid the troublesome choice of lemon tea, or fear that the satisfaction brought by the unknown will not be able to withstand the known sense of security, or be told that it has been sold out when you go around and choose a cup of hot milk. Before I met her that day, your lemon tea had only three of the cups left. It’s uncomfortable to drink it once, and it’s more uncomfortable to drink it. So you remembered the sunk cost of learning, throwing the cup at the garbage dump on the roadside, and then you met her.

She said that when she was at the front desk of the hotel in Laiwu, she was standing alone at night, and the drunken guests ran into the women's toilet in the hall to lock themselves up, thanking themselves for not going to the toilet. Going back to work in the dormitory is a dark Laimei road. Once I heard a squeaky voice on the roadside, but I couldn’t see anything, and I was scared to run. Suddenly someone stopped her, and it turned out that her colleague was squatting on the side of the road. Opposite the dormitory is an empty building, the floor she lives in is only one of her own. Every day, go back to the dormitory and squat in the hallway to get the lights on. You seem to have heard her lame voice.
You said that I am not going to be deducted for six months for six months. She called to ask a sly, laughing like a flower, saying that you are right. She said that I drive a small sheep to work every day, and I am afraid of 35 speeds. You ask her how fast your little sheep can drive. She went out to see you, and the dashboard was written 80. You hear the horn, and the friend is waiting for you.
You think that the passage of time may be linear, but your life is not because it refers not only to what you are experiencing, but to a multi-faceted body that is interwoven from all the nodes that have appeared. You don't know why you think of a sheep girl at this moment, maybe because I want you to think like this, maybe your brain called her out because of some kind of stimulus.

You think of the Hainanese chicken rice every day, and discuss the reasons for the aesthetic changes with two fools. You ate a chicken and a bean sprout that day, but you still didn't understand why. You think that the sheep girl represents all the things that make you feel comfortable, and this girl gives you some deeper touches. You think that her cautious look may evoke your desire to protect. You don’t know if you should take this. The factors are removed, and you don't know if you should and can reasonably judge the "heart".

So you watched the girl eating there for 10,000 years until it was pulled by the friends to play a friendly match. Later, you walked home in the dim light of src, remembering that the girl was only here for a semester. So you spent a semester with the girl in your heart and jumped directly to the different days.
The thin, fragile and overflowing oil quickly gives the impression of junk food. So I have never liked potato chips, and even I saw that the puffed packaging would be nausea. I felt that anything in it would be turned into a thick and viscous oil in the body, accumulating in various corners of the body, and it was extremely uncomfortable. .

She likes it very much. Sometimes she showed me the meals in their dormitory. The fruits are quite a lot, but they are fries every day. Sometimes they have heavy snow, cold to the skin will be allergic, snow covered on the grass next to the sidewalk, draw a clear cross. Sometimes she catches a cold, eats fried chicken legs, and removes a hundred packets of potato chips. Sometimes we have two bedtime stories and two good nights a day. Sometimes she is wretched, I don't want to face, sometimes it's reversed. Sometimes we discuss how to fight in Tibet.

The letter I sent to her lost in the long journey through the sea.
Sometimes you and your friends are sitting on the sunny afternoon of foodclique, looking at the towngreen outside the window, you have a little bit of loss and hope, if it is not exotic, the story will be different. You think that you will be good friends. You feel that there are too many contradictions in you. Everything is just because of inertia. You have no way of knowing the answer.

On this day, you kicked the sandbags very hard, bought a small bottle of wood juice in the cheers, and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was better than the big bottle. Suddenly a lot of rain started, you chatted with friends on the phone, the rain poured on the phone, and the words you typed were wrong. You throw your phone into the trouser pocket and look at the shadow on your head. You find that the wind is too big and the rain can fly parallel to the ground. You carefully stretch your feet across the otter, you walk through the brightly lit canteen, and you see the girl sitting by the window.

You are happy to go to the meal and choose a place where you can see the girl. You find that you suddenly can't see her, I don't know if your myopia has deepened, or because of the rain.
The very strong rain is the most depressing one. A few drops fell off, and the place where I was picked clearly told my brain that it was picked up. She didn't seem to care, she kept walking slowly.

I always wanted to climb over the museum and see if there are several generators on it, whether it is the same as the roof of the vhall. I remember that I bought hair clips at Pearl Square, but I didn't learn to shackle, and the roof was never gone. We went up to the highest level of the Pearl Square HDB, a gloomy smell, but I still didn't climb up.

Later she played the music she liked. I am helpless. I actually know that all stories will have an ending, like that song, like 196. But I did not learn to write the ending.
You think that the dinner tonight is especially bad. Not because you spilled half a cup of juice into the rice, or because you can't see the girl's face.

The girl is gone, you calmly follow her into the tembusu. You sit on the bench next to the elevator and wait for the girl to come out of the women's room. The girl came out, and your eyes met. You look at the girl, just like looking at an ordinary person, you don't even feel it.

You turn away and you lose something important. You smiled bitterly, thinking that you may not deserve a simple happiness.

Please forgive me for seeing Calvino's "Winter Night Walkers". Pay tribute to the ghost.

This semester three usp classes, plus an additional brainfood, want to come to the intellectual stimuli should be enough, I feel that the more I learn the more stupid, decided to sum up some interesting points in this semester.

After learning six inquiries, I began to regret why I didn't make a note myself. Many things in class have been forgotten. Some people may think that in the process of carefully following the derivation and argumentation of a problem, the point of view is not so important.

Subject of reading
This course explores the relationship between reading Chinese text, the relationship between readers and authors, and the different roles they play in building the reader's reading experience. In addition to a bunch of papers, I read two books, Calvino's "Winter Night Walkers" and Azar Nafisi's "Reading Lolita in Tehran." In order to read the second book, I also spent a lot of time on the fish fillet to finish Lolita.

I didn't study well in this class. Some papers are very difficult, and the part about literary appreciation is sometimes embarrassing, and they have no patience. More often, they go to class and follow the thoughts of everyone. Some important issues include:

Is there a fundamental difference between literary appreciation and reading experience?
Should the influence of Affect be rejected when evaluating the artistry of a literary work?
Is the emotion generated by readers reading valuable? Read if there is a final product?
Does the author consciously apply to emotion in the process of writing?

Is the process of reading being carried out by the author?
Do we need to understand the author in order to understand the text?
After the text has been created, is the author’s own opinion on the text worthy of attention?
Is all reasonable interpretation of the text acceptable?

What is the difference between men and women when reading, especially when reading male-oriented texts?
What kind of virtual readers did we create in order to enter the text in the process of reading?
What effect does the virtual reader, second person, and imperative tone have on the reader's role?

In fact, I have forgotten many interesting examples and important points in the class. After finishing this lesson, I feel that I have a lot of new understanding of the role of the reader. I feel that reading is no longer an experience that is dominated by the author and passively accepted by the reader. But it seems that nothing is understood.

In addition, I really feel that English can't catch up with Chinese in this life. At most, I can feel a little beauty from the sentence and rhythm, but the kind of fluent feeling of integration can't be reached.

Mathematics and Reality
This is a class that must be towed every time. Prof Kuldip always spoke in class when he said that there was no problem, and then he talked for ten minutes. This lesson studies the nature of mathematics, how it is applied to reality, and why it is accurate. So the first few weeks were naturally about the ancient episodes of various epistemology, Aristotle, Decartes, Plato and a little more like Kant, Hume and so on. It is also a good recollection of the feeling of JC learning KI.

Prof's logic is to start with number theory and introduce Decartes' cartesian coordinate system, which combines geometry and algebra, and concludes with Newton's classical mechanics by geometry. The class is to look at the prof drawing to write a variety of matrix, and everyone to let the mathematics kiwi go up to do the problem. There are quite a few deep impressions after finishing the study.

The first is the dividing line between mathematics and physics. Although the difference between the two can be thought of at different times, the key difference is that the method of argumentation is different, or the nature of knowledge is different, but when I write final essay, I go through a little bit of the development of relativity and find that some mathematicians insist Relativity is a mathematical idea rather than a physical law. The theory of relativity is more deeply dependent on geometry than on real observations than Newtonian physics. Einstein has always felt that the essence of cosmic truth must be mathematics. Does this mean that the only difference between mathematics and physics when the method begins to confuse is whether it is used to explain reality? Or does this special case exist only in mathematical physics?

The second is about European geometry and Newtonian classical mechanics. I think most people may not be able to imagine things around them with non-European geometry. Why is our intuition to use the European geometry to understand the world? Why are we constructed to only see the three-dimensional world? Is this the way we naturally understand the world?

Regarding mathematics' inexplainable effectiveness in describing reality, this is a fact that every time you think about it, you will be surprised. And that day when the prof was seriously drawing the octagonal rotation, I was inexplicably remembered that the old man showed me the symmetry of the numbers in the gossip.

The rest of the pain and brainfood are related to the brain, and the hair is re-issued.

Subjectivity and phenomenology of pain
This should be the most refreshing lesson for this sem. Prof is a British uncle, with wisdom and diligence, and comes with British humor. This course studies how humans perceive and communicate pain. At first, it was a little biological knowledge, and then forced to make a big move. I remember that the lesson talked about romanticism. He released a Turner painting, and I forgot what class I was on.

The degree of prof is reflected in his rich teaching materials. The examples he found are always straightforward and humorous. I think I will remember these examples for a little longer than biological knowledge.

A study in the UK showed that 40% of patients who were sent to the emergency department said they did not feel any pain. - Pain is not determined solely by the injury.

A migrant worker was accidentally pinched and put on his boots, and the pain was unbearable, except that the boots found the spikes just passing between the big toe and the second toe. - Pain can be caused by a hint.

Of those who said they had a backache, 70% could not find a pathogen. - Not all are cheating on themselves.

Some invisible people can't tell what they see after they see the surgery. - From seeing things to forming concepts in the brain is a process we take for granted. But this is one of the problems that scientists most want to understand.

Mosso’ experiment: When you think about it, more blood will flow to the brain. - Mental work also consumes a lot of energy.

After hypnotizing the dentist's surgery, the pain felt by the patient remained at zero. - Hypnosis is real, it is a state of inconclusive.

Morita, he did not send money to him to cure the disease, he decided to learn to die to retaliate against him. The result is that the more you learn, the more happy you are, the easier it is on the fifth floor - Accepting your own pain, focusing on other important things may be a way to relieve pain.

Feldman experiment: In a 10-minute conversation, an average person lie three lies. Men lie to make themselves look better, women lie in order to make others look better. - We all lie.

Rosenhan experiment: Rosenhan sent eight normal people to five hospitals to claim that they had psychiatric symptoms. All five were diagnosed with various mental illnesses in the hospital for 7-53 days. - The diagnosis of mental illness may not be as reliable as other conditions.

Rosenhan continues: the doctor being teased is angry and asks Rosenhan to do another experiment, saying that they will be able to distinguish the fake patients at the time of diagnosis. In the next two weeks, doctors identified 41 fake patients among the 193 patients they received. Rosenhan said that he did not send a fake patient. - This is a good fit.

The prof and his friends watched more than a hundred football matches. The study found that in the lead, especially at the end of the game, players tend to pretend to be very heavy to delay the time. - You can also send paper when watching football matches.

When you press your shoulders when you are cold, you will feel that your shoulders are cold, unless you consciously think that you will not feel your hands warmed by your shoulders. - In the process of exploring the body, we may no longer imagine that the hand is part of the body.

These are some of the examples involved in talking about pain. Later, a large history, history of art and philosophy began. The car drove too fast, and we were very aggressive when we finally turned back to the pain.

Brainfood
This is a session like a book sharing session. I read two chapters of the book every week and then we discussed it with prof Loy on Tuesday night. The number of times I read two chapters is very small, and the speed of reading in English is too slow. And I realized that when I didn't have a fancy paper, I swept up the whole page and I jumped into my head to tell you what it was.

The book used is Steven Pinker's The Blank Slate. This book discusses the significance of the "Tabula Rasa" point of view today, involving many conclusions about genetic research and social science, covering many sensitive topics.

At the beginning of the three theory, I am not sure if there is any fallacy:
Computational theory of mind: Everything in the brain can be explained in a way that describes the computer, but it is replaced by chemicals and currents. One such brain can have countless combinations and innumerable possibilities to explain the different decisions we make in our daily lives. The question is whether the brain understands what we do, that is, the difference between people and machines that are generally thought of.
Ghost in a machine: The way we recognize things exists in the soul, immortality, and in the flesh, into the body (machine).
Evolutionary biology: The mechanism by which the brain processes things and the way we understand things is through tens of thousands of years of evolution. Genes determine everything.

A theory about simulating human civilization: 1. We are in simulation 2. Human technology will reach a level of maturity that does not require simulation 3. We can't reach the level of simulation.
This theory uses mathematical proof to show that one of the three is correct.

Morality: When we feel that a behavior is wrong, we not only feel that this behavior will have adverse consequences, but also bring more future influences. We sometimes feel that this is a moral judgment from the bottom of my heart. Where did this trial come from? Human standards for morality have been changing. What is the impact of genes in this process?

Sociological studies have shown that there is a significant IQ gap between black and white IQ in the United States. The explanation of prof is historical. I forgot the specific speculation but it seems that most of the people who survived during the slave period were able to work hard and obey the slave owners. Perhaps in this process, some of the smarter blacks were screened out. The sociologists who sent out the results of the experiment seem to have been boycotted in the United States.

From an evolutionary point of view, the closeness to family members or relatives may come from the same number of genes, and protecting these people can ensure that genes like their own can be passed down. The question is, how can our genes know what other people's genes are like?

Twin studies have shown that twins growing up in different environments and different educations still have a 50% similarity. The impact of genes is enormous.

Some sociologists have shown that the influence of genes on children's personality, ability and wisdom is the majority. The influence of parents and the environment is not as important as it might be.

There are huge differences between men and women. For example, women respond more strongly to emotions, and men are more tolerant of pain and more adventurous. Men are a more gradual normal distribution, so the most extreme kind of person is usually male. For example, anti-social killers, such as genius mathematicians.

There are many interesting discoveries, too lazy to find. In these ten sessions we have talked about sensitive topics numerous times, like the gender and ethnic differences mentioned above. Before that, I was caught in a posture of strongly rejecting strerotype for political correctness, but the objective evidence now in front shows that there are often significant differences between different civilizations. What we can do is to be cautious about the conclusions we have made. From a positive statement to a normative argument is a process that cannot be ignored, but sometimes someone will be confused.

Those things that I hope to learn that may soon be forgotten will leave some kind of imprint in my life.
Finally, I will give you a group of stupid trolly problems.

In order to find nine calves, we crossed many streets from the winding hills. Ken and his family are accustomed to everything they are familiar with, but I can't wait to watch every street. I really don't understand why the bustling and broken can be switched so easily at the corner. There are all kinds of incredible places in the wire rod trash can and so on. Those who wrote the neighborhood welfare office and the residents' rest area always made me curious. In the underworld, Ren Dahua and Liang Jiahui seemed to have had a late night conversation in a similar scene.

The boss of Jiu Jiu Niu has an unhappy face. She sat in front of the counter in the store and leaned over to see the diners in the store. Visitors outside the store silently lined up a long queue, waiting to confirm the evaluation in the Raiders. Once the diners had finished eating and leaving, they turned around unhappy, squinting at the long line outside the window, and smashing the glass between her and the people in the queue, and swearing a few words. Maybe she has a dream of learning iron sand palm.

In the evening, I took the subway to the home of Kelvin in Sha Tin. For him, communication with the couch is an extremely important experience. We sat in conversation for two or three hours from the door to the sofa.

Is Singapore free? Is it right to give the right to arrange your own life to the government? Can we still protect our rights when the government has absolute control? I never understood politics and never talked to anyone about political opinions, but I revisited this attitude after talking to Kelvin. In the subconscious, the freedom I can pursue is always within a limited scope. I think that things like the political system are not under my control, so I don't have to worry about it. Perhaps in the eyes of those who are striving to pursue their rights, is it a rebellious fart?

Later I tried to understand Kelvin's position and the history behind him. In addition to some practical problems (such as the central election of candidates with low votes, the Hong Kong part of the media is manipulated), Kelvin believes that Hong Kong residents' dissatisfaction with the central government stems from the evolution of specific measures of one country, two systems. It is said that the satisfaction of Hong Kong people in the years after the reunification is particularly high, because Hong Kong has indeed maintained its usual autonomy and freedom after the reunification. However, with the tightening of policies in recent years, Hong Kong people feel that Hong Kong is about to become a city that is no different from the mainland. They are afraid of losing the right to democratic elections, fearing that the freedom of speech of the media is restricted, and that Hong Kong will eventually become a one-party dictatorship. They are used to freedom.

At that moment, I suddenly felt a little ridiculous. Is the reality of a completely free city in Hong Kong people's minds? Have the right to be a Chinese territory, but enjoy the freedom not restricted by the Chinese government? At least in Kelvin's view, the previous Hong Kong was like this, and it should be like this now. I suddenly remembered the impression of Hong Kong given to me by movies and music. The history of corruption before the establishment of the ICAC in the 500 million inspectors, the temple street and the young boy in the young and sorrowful, the transformation of the Hong Kong thieves in the big winds, the old-fashioned Guzi in the underworld and the traditional Ren Dahua. In Hong Kong's humor, Hong Kong's small citizens and popular culture, Zhou Xingchi's little characters and life, chasing female children, five lucky stars, happy ghosts and strange social reality. Chen Huizhen's Wen Ya, Yang Qiang's tenacity, He Yunshi's reluctance, Xue Kaiqi's purity. Are these unique styles that are inexhaustible related to freedom?

As a person who is influenced by many elements of Hong Kong, I have a sense of powerlessness when I stand in this land. I don't know how to perceive the city. I don't know how the rushing image in the brain will connect with everything I see.

The next day Kelvin took Zhaoxin and I went to Sham Shui Po, similar to the old urban area of ​​Hong Kong. The fish noodles and other foods in the roadside shop gave me a rich association, which is estimated to be a scene in some movies. We saw a lot of light-colored signs, Kelvin took us on a staircase, and every room was a lady. It is said that this is not illegal. I think of the big salty wet documentary film of Huang Zhan, who was seen by Sheng Sheng, and it is probably the same.

Kelvin said that if you want to experience Hong Kong next time, you should know more. I am not sure. It’s inevitable to think of the value of travel at some point in the journey from a few years ago when I went to Thailand. After I went to Tourism last year, I was even more negative. In fact, what we need is really authenticity? We really want to live the lives of locals, explore the places they often go, and try what they are doing? During the journey, we continue to use five senses to create connections, store things that impress ourselves, and use them as an understanding of the place.

Or maybe people is more important. Can you understand a city by knowing some people? maybe. At least the coucher will be the way I have been using until the building collapses.

Two years ago, I graduated from Ximending, Taiwan. I and Zheng Jie came down from the erotic magic store. He bought a ring prop. I bought a red envelope that would be scared. The shop downstairs sells vans. I bought Yangda’s shoes that his sister wanted and then saw it. Yangda also said that it was the most beautiful, so I bought the first pair of vans in this life.

After returning from Taiwan, I started to raise the first pair of jeans. So during that time my lower body has never changed. Later, I wore those shoes to go to the usp interview, and smacked the feng shui and philosophy against the tigers in the office. At that time, I didn’t know that the interview teacher sitting opposite would teach me cyberart, indirectly rebuilding the jeans that could not be built. Fashion big flower pants.

In June I started traveling with four t-shirts and jeans and vans. I didn't wash my jeans that month, until I was spit in the beer stalls in Lanzhou. I spit out the whole lamb that I had just eaten. The shoes followed me through seven sofas, three youth hostels and Internet cafes in Furong Street, Jinan. When it was in Nanjing, it was wet by heavy rain, and in order to blow it dry, the sofa main blower burned out. When I was in Beijing, I ran up and climbed the wall with high science. As a result, I stepped on the grass. I bought soap, a toothbrush and a bottle of red star Erguotou under the Youth Hostel. Later, the bottle of Erguotou appeared on the barbecue table of the crayfish and the masters of Jiahui. Brushed a half of the soap and finally brushed it clean.

Later, I didn't know what hook-like things were hanging on it and a small hole appeared on the upper. My mother said that the broken shoes can't be worn, I have to take it. However, the cobbler has a stupid rule, and can't make up the throw away. I thought that such a small mouth should be quite good. Then it was thrown away.

I know that complaining doesn't help, and I am getting used to the days without it. It wasn't until the first few weeks that I thought that this shoe would look good and I would buy another pair. In Hong Kong that day, I went back and forth a few laps in the street of Sneakers and went to Harbour City and Causeway Bay. All the shops said that there was no such thing. Yangda said that it is no longer out. I am very mixed with the shoes in the store. At that time, I realized that I had already lost it. This kind of hindsight is always regrettable.

Fortunately, I bought a pair of shoes that look like a lot of water, and I fell in love with new shoes in one day. This time I will wear it again and I will not give it to the stupid cobbler.

Smiling half-step epilepsy

The two girls at the office at noon that day were going to IKEA to eat big meatballs. The meatballs in my impression didn't fall so softly that day, so I couldn't help but have a wave of beef balls with them. Then they glared at the milk tea of ​​the newly opened liho. At three o'clock that afternoon, I was sitting at the table with Tieguanyin cheese tea. The debug didn't come out and sneaked a few pages of pedestrian street. Then I heard a song from the daily recommendation.

Before that day, I and Maggie were in the foodcourt called timber+, and the chicken wings wrapped in salted egg yolk were surprisingly delicious. The first bottle of beer I took was a stubborn monkey head. It was a Taiwanese beer, and it looked like a wallet at the end of the month. We listened to the band on the stage for three rounds. Maggie was a passionate audience, perhaps out of a professional singer and empathy. And I looked at the electric guitarist who looked like Don Juan, wearing a hat and looking silent.

I told Maggie that I always looked at the band and I always pay attention to the part of the electric guitar. I don't know why. I seem to know the answer that day. Compared to the last climax release and the explosion of vocals, the most enjoyable moments are the melody that flows freely during the handover process. There is a sense of complete freedom of immersion. It seems that the soul is screaming and screaming on the sky. Forty-eight backflips.

So when I heard this song that day, I finished the last Tieguanyin and found that I found a new world. I went online to search and found that this style turned out to be because of too many Netease cloud users who made a lot of labels and forced me to stay away from it.

Electric guitars, basses, pianos and drums, sometimes stringed instruments, sometimes sounds, and sometimes film samples. A few melody slowly intertwine, so that you forget your anxiety and don't worry about time.

"Happiness: We’re All In It Together" This Will Destroy You
At the beginning, I was debugging the code in a bored way. Listening and listening to me, I saw that it started running and running. After running one after another, I ran out of the model and ran out of root mean squared error. The girl next to the entanglement sent an email to the CEO to call the name or Mr Lee.

Mariana Childs
Dressed in a dog-like class, walked through the link below the kent ridge mrt to buy three four-dollar bread. A newly-recognized Wenzhou girl sent a photo to me to see her single tea in her home. She drank more than ten times and added milk to make milk tea.

"Thank you" when the end of summer
Walking barefoot on the grass, watching the egg and brothers who are doing research come down from the top of the rhall, some have to go to play, some go to eat together, laughing like a schoolboy just out of school. When you have enough rest, you will start pulling the pole. Every time you pull it, it will be closer to the sky. Every time you pull it, it will be dark.
Several evaluation criteria for the recommendation system are viewed by Netease Cloud Music:
Satisfaction: User satisfaction with recommended songs
Predictive accuracy
Coverage: the ability to explore long tails (unpopular songs)
Diversity
Novelty: the lower the popularity, the higher the novelty
Serendipity: Improve satisfaction with recommendation results and reduce the similarity between recommendation results and user historical interests
Trust: Increase interaction with the recommendation system
real-time
Robustness (remember to be translated as robust):able to ignore noises

So this time it actually succeeded in doing this to serendipity. The ghost knows why this song will appear in my daily recommendation, because the songs I collected before listening to this song are these:

It can be seen that in order to make this recommendation system perform better, we can consciously train it in the process of use, more interaction and feedback, and the more accurate the results it recommends.
On Sunday afternoon, the boss was writing his 800-word report, and I was wearing headphones to watch the tricks. I copied the movie with me every day and put it on my hard drive. I deeply doubt that the words of Maggie Cheung's auntie are the devil language Wenzhou dialect, otherwise why can I understand it without subtitles every day. When Zhang Manyu walks in cheongsam, she often has a classic background music that is very classic and interesting. I can't help but shake it on the air bed with the rhythm. The boss finished the report and silently said that the movie is boring, and all hours are walking.

I asked the boss that day, why would I want to pull after lunch, and obviously the cockroaches are not digested by what I just eaten. So I thought of a disgusting idea, that is, the things that I ate were pushed out. So I think of that question again, Lahu Ming is the process of launching the body, why is it called pull.

Xiaoyi said that she had forgotten the joke that she had told us before. Yuan Mu retelled the joke on the big table of more than a dozen people in Lanzhou two years ago. Xiang Ge sat next to her and emptied the remaining miscellaneous soup. It was that night, I was holding the blue toilet of Sheng's house and reading the tide with Chunchao. The spirit of Xu Youwen is floating ten miles.

Ghost five horse six

A friend gave me a good night in Japanese and found that Japanese is very similar to cursive. I checked and found that hiragana was evolved from cursive script. Wang Xizhi and Huai Su told us that good night should be written like this.
(There are pictures here)
Later I lost contact with this friend. The phrase that came out of my mind was in "Listen to the Wind": "There was no trace in the long river of people and the long river of time." Haruki Murakami said he was looking for a sense of distance. The protagonist's remarks always carry the indifference of being out of the way, and also try to reduce the depiction of emotions. I don't know if this is a kind of coldness unique to Japanese novels. Izakaya, a drenched beer, a woman who doesn't know the name. A kind of similar to the cologne is no concern.

I feel that what I read during the book will be brought into what I like. Three years and one day ago, the mustard had a birthday. After reading dozens of colognes, the ghost I wrote was like this:

Unfortunately, the widow can only live for decades. And if we live the same length, then you will be half a year away. I am rushing to my grave in my Tibetan mastiff to burn a copy of the West Chamber or a tall black man.
In my eyes full of eyes, you should drag a broken sword, the sawdust slides in the snow, the blood falls on the boots, and it looks like A Fei. Broken sword shot, the yellow leaves in the air did not fall, the fine catkins only a feminine and dignified sword, cut the big pants of the sun.
The style of painting is not at all ancient, and the emotions should be similar.

The most painful moment to talk to ljz when watching Gu Long is to watch the heroic biography of the big flag. At the beginning of the big decisive battle, the pros and cons are fighting each other. The two strongest men in the book, the protagonist and his sister (or father-in-law) met in the ground. At this time, the protagonist has passed through the hardships and obstacles of a whole book, and it has become a great success. It is the moment when the star lord was beaten to prepare for the return of the king. However, the tunnel was blocked by bombs. At this time, I saw that the progress bar was already 99%. Then the decisive battle ended, and everyone began to look for the protagonist. I don’t know if I found it or not.

I remember that moment I was sitting up in bed, always young and always complaining to Sheng Sheng with tears. I was so angry that I had two meals that night.

Also remember ljz comment on various actresses. She said that Jennifer in the past is ice papaya stewed milk, Wang Zuxian wearing a denim shirt is a silver ear lotus soup, and the red robe of the playing cards Qiu Shuzhen is a West Lake drunkard.

A few days ago, after reading Mo Yan’s "Fatty and Fat Buttocks", I had a magical dream that night, just like the dream that Shangguan Jintong had done. I took a group of friends at the Causeway Bay Square in Hong Kong. A blond foreigner came out like a bell, a Beijing movie, and forced us to take a cruise. Because the price he gave was very attractive, we followed. When I walked to a creek, he suddenly pulled out a canoe and put us up, sitting at the bow and charting us. We marched into the whirlpool and stroked us into the night sky. Next to it is the starlight of the cockroach, and it is far away from the sea. It is like the trash can that the Chinese literature went to the 11th floor and looked at the ground. Our cruise ship suddenly began to crush and crush the square on the sea, which is the exclusive football field of the European giants in the Mediterranean. They drifted aimlessly on the sea, drinking rum to eat watermelon, and when the football field and the land border, they competed with the local football team. If you win ten goals, the king of this land will have to pull out his wisdom teeth to give this team. Barcelona, ​​Real Madrid, Bayern and Yanhong team, the flag of the proud and flying team is studded with wisdom teeth. Our ship ruthlessly smashed the football field, and the body holding the bottle with the high-spirited melody of the Tang Dynasty international song circling into the winch at the bottom of the ship, and transported it to the snow country train to become a canned luncheon meat can.

Go back and say that the breasts are fat and fat. After reading "One Hundred Years of Solitude" and "Jinghua Yanyun", I have a preference for this kind of narrative throughout life. I don't feel that many writers can control such a long timeline. The first hundred pages of this book were actually viewed in the library of tj three years ago. On that day, the toilet faucet in the library was broken, and the water was always flowing. I felt that I was wasting my water. It's your own, although it has been told to the administrator. Later, I finally couldn’t help but throw the book home. The impression of the whole book was that only the seven daughters of Shangguan’s family caught the shrimp.

The one behind my house lives with seven fairies. They finally gave birth to a young son. In the first day, they will start singing at 11:30. The first one is a pity that I am Aquarius, and the second one is a good break. I can't remember what songs they sang, or whether they ate the wheat every time they sang two songs, or after listening to two songs, I slept. I told this story to many people. There was a time when the younger son and the older sister and the second sister quarreled. Later, the seven fairies stood on one side, and the younger son succumbed to crying and went to the garden table to feel depressed. Later, he came back and took two beef strips and went to the garden to accompany him. He carefully put the sand tea and the chili sauce on the plate, and told him with a strong heart that it is not so easy to be a man at this home.

My "Unbearable Light in Life" has not been moving. I always explained that the feeling of being empty after reading the book is an unbearable light, so as to dissolve the lazy guilt. I always remember the first two pages: People don't know what they want in their life, because they only live once, neither have they used it in the past, nor can they correct it in the afterlife.

We will all go forward in the wheel of history, disappearing in the long river of people and the long river of time. Bravo.

Yesterday, I opened the last meeting with my boss. I said that I feel that I have not done much in the past three months. He said that he but we are really going to use it. So I smiled shamelessly.

My big boss is a very chill person. He always talks to me with a grin. He will write me a week's code in the database to simplify it on the weekend, and then return to my mail at 2 o'clock every night. In the five days of the NBA finals, I always sent him an email in the morning saying that there was a problem and I couldn't do it. Then I watched the game and the fans of the Tigers.

My little boss is a very nice person. He always appears in meetings of all departments. He basically didn't understand the work I did, and was mainly responsible for cheering me up.

The two biz girls I worked with internship said that when I was meeting with the big and small bosses, I was the one who was sitting. They were the ones who stood up and pointed at the screen. They say that it is unfair, so they need to do a bunch of ppt and prepare presentation.

Our big boss CEO is a person who likes durian ice cream. There is a freezer in the conference room with a yellow color. We will pretend to take off and take it off after the meeting, and take the mineral water on the table as a kettle. Occasionally, when the pantry receives water, I will encounter the embarrassment of the old employees in the company. One time, one big man said that your clothes are ironed straight. Once another big man looked at me and SMU's buddy said that wow a NUS a SMU can actually be friends.

I have seen the sugar in all the refrigerators in two days. When the two girls went to get water, they always asked me how much sugar they had, indicating that they worked hard to live a healthy life. But after lunch every day after the ice cream and liho and smoothie they are never included in the calculation. Nadia is very particular about eating. She never eats vegetables, and she will bring her a bottle of Indonesian pepper every two weeks. She has a small company of her own and hires some poor Indonesian women to make clothes. The clothes she wears are all my own. Trini is a player who has been playing dragon boat for many years, and my arm makes me feel awkward. When I call the outside company to contact the conference, it is not professional, but I often struggle with the question of whether to write best regards in the mail. On the last day, they asked the boss if they had time to go out to eat. After returning, they were beaten by her mother. It was said that the last day to ask the boss boss would have to ask you.

In the middle came the little brother of SMU psychology. He is responsible for researching the company's staff relations, examining the situation of senior management, and preparing plans for the company's future staff deployment. The work is mysterious. I have to lock the door at noon. It is said that he wants to study the evaluations or complaints of various employees on colleagues. Then came a 17-year-old brother. His relatives are senior secretary of the company and brought him in for a week. The younger brother is a rich guy. He has set up two thousand new year cards in evolved mma, and he went to practice Muay Thai in the morning and evening, eating five tons of meals a day. Finally came the NTU's sister. The day she moved to our office was the first time in my life that I knew the exact meaning of three women. That is chit chat to a completely new level. That day I listened to the sound of the Stars movie soundtrack did not cover them. They said that during the menstrual period, when they were wrapped in a salted microwave oven with a sock, they could warm their stomachs. I wanted to put the computer on their heads and said that there was nothing comparable to the dryer on the eighth floor of the Kuok Foundation.

But this sister has many special life experiences. She has many very adventurous friends. She said that four of her high school classmates have passed away. A friend she had been playing in Europe for two weeks had been written RIP on Facebook a few days ago. She said that she would not want to have children to waste money in the future. Sad for the Singapore government.

This kind of day has been a long time. In the morning, when the boss went out, he woke up and then returned to the cage to make a wonderful dream. It was wonderful to be awake when he woke up and rushed out. Go to the company to take a can of soy milk, eat the daily nuts and bread and watch the boss send emails at 2 am. At noon, I went out to sweep the foodcourt and restaurants around the company, and occasionally went to a lot of avocado milkshake and red turtles. In the afternoon, I yelled a yay at 5:58 when the air conditioner went out. I just missed the D2 when I returned to school. Occasionally go out to eat with friends, in the timber+ collection of the color of the brewdog.

Since the last time I ate a metre of chicken, the boss has been licking the rose-flavored hogaardenn. Later, everyone wanted to buy a box of rose water. That night we drunk a bottle and started to smash the street, so the whole box is the boss. Gambling new songs, which tutor will turn around and let the entertainment show music appreciation and analysis.

The last can of soya milk
Broken earphones
Curry fish head and rose wine
Goodbye, Hua Man Lou

The first impression is that this is exactly the same as the scene I looked at the window in the office, praising my hard work and eager to get rid of the imprisonment of the building and the great sentiment and revolutionary spirit of pursuing freedom and ideals. But from the perspective of the audience, the free-flying turtle was imprisoned, reflecting the boss in the eyes of me. The boss thought that he could use the frame to limit my behavior and exploit my labor force, but I did not expect that I could break through the constraints of the frame and sing the songs of my tenacity, courage to fight, and face the noble character of capitalism without fear.

The second picture depicts the slightly tired and delightful mood of the poet on the last day of work. The faint clouds of dimness indicate the time of the sunset, combined with several images adopted by the poet, creating an atmosphere of eternal and eternal, expressing the romantic feelings of the poet.
Followed by

I used the span of half a year to read the good books of the year. So that I did not enter the previous state when I saw the last 15% on the plane.
Sometimes these writers will reveal their own arrogance in a serious and steady sentence, and sometimes leave a trace, and occasionally suddenly use the melancholy temperament to suck you in from the foodclique stuffed tofu, sucking a complete surround The space, occasionally see Du Hao's hair and beard.
In any case, looking at a book called "The End of Love" at the beginning of a relationship is not a reasonable thing. However, this book is worth rereading; and it must be read in one go.

On that day, the old lady in Guangzhou beat the drip. The driver asked us to spend the time on the opposite side of the road. I didn't want to die. I walked a lot and passed the road, and then the driver canceled. I just wonder if I have become a normal cadre, and I have to loosen it sometimes. But I don't like this thing. I don't think it should be something I need to consider. The driver should not ask for it. Of course, I am just afraid of death. I have to keep my life to make money to buy a massage chair to go home.

In the past few days, I have seen some similar things in the country. For example, the bus going home allows us to get on the bus in another place and then enter the passenger station so as not to be taken away by 18 people, and steal a bunch of freight. Going back to be afraid of being caught by the traffic police, the old lady went to buy clothes and scarves and casually lost dozens of dollars, and there were people who drove the elevator. Just as we are asked to spend our time crossing the road, when the rules are slowly upgraded, we will slowly see such things in the future.

I remembered the first love story of an uncle who came to uber in Singapore. Uncle is about 40 years old. He knew that we were Chaoshan people and said that when he was young, he was interested in a Chaozhou girl. He was very good. Later he graduated at the age of 22 and went to work as a soldier for two years. He felt that he should not delay the girl. When the soldier came back, the girl suddenly went downstairs to his house and told him to go downstairs. He was so happy that she felt that she was still waiting for him. She was really moved, and then the girl told him that she was getting married. The uncle said that he was very sad. Later he married a Cantonese girl, as if he often quarreled with the mother who spoke Fujian in his hometown.

Last night, I was alive with my mother. When the first scene came out, Ge You took the sleeves and shook his scorpion and gambled. My mother shouted a scream. So every two hours throughout the scene, the shadow of the glory is lingering. At the beginning, the young master walked back to the background and called two shadow play. He returned home and took off his three-layered clothes and slept against the door. The gambling lost money and screamed at the door. The wife returned to the bed and said The light is like a merry flower, with a mouth open and a big front tooth saying that this is a counter-revolutionary wood. I remember that the end of the book was not as happy as the movie, and the four people were eating hot lunches. Going to turn it out.

I woke up yesterday and found that my neck hurt so badly. The stiff neck is more difficult than the yawning cheek pain and the little finger to poke this kind of ailment. I walked around and went to worry about it all day long. My mother asked me to tremble and turn the whole body to look at her. Just like a goose. So under my mother's guidance, do the crane nod and all kinds of wonderful yoga movements, drunk (hands to keep the head down), Wang Ba style (squatting like Wang Ba). When I saw that I was alive, it started to fight, and I thought, if it is time to rest in this life, how embarrassing it is. This confused and awkward death can be unacceptable.

On that day, and Lechuan took Yaoan and Zhengmin to eat the noodles. I told the aunts three bowls of noodles. Auntie looked at me with a smirk and looked at me and said that you are going to be a slap or a face. Then I told her a bowl of meat, she said that I will give you more liver and waist, I said no, that person is eating fast. Aunt said that you are coming to eat a ghost. Later, I gave a bowl of soup with only a clam. After they finished eating, I was dragged by my mother to speak in her class, and after being finished, I was taken by the dolls. Bringing two foreign friends back to their alma mater, I don’t know if I can get a reward for playing in the future.

Share a few old jokes.

Wu Zhong Chen’s body is named after the poem. There are Huang Xiuyun, Sexual Hui, Xi Shi, and Xu said that "I will marry the Jun. But the family is poor, and the poems are for the first time." Hey. When the party is bitter, people laugh at their old shackles, and they are happy to praise each other.

The mullet in the sea, the ink in the abdomen, the value of the fish to the boat, that is, inkjet to cover itself. The fisherman is black and the net is obtained from the net.

Su Shichang is in Shaanxi, and he is guilty of breaking the law. People are ill, bloody, and painful.

The stone is afraid of the beam, seeing the shadow of oneself, thinking that the ghost is also, and he is scared to death.
When I entered the customs at Jakarta Airport, I saw an article by Yu Xingang about privilege and nostalgia about "how we forgive and be despised by fate." At that time, I was still thinking about my A Fang meatball rice noodle soup. That was the store we saw when we got off the plane, and there were no English notes on the menu. At the suggestion of the same big brother of Singapore, we ordered two hodgepodge packages. It was unexpectedly found that each of the balls was extremely delicious.

Before I came, I heard that Jakarta was a very poor place. The weather was hot and the air quality was not good. Many people gave travel advice to get out of there. The first car that was played in the afternoon of the first day really taught me profoundly. You can choose a motorcycle in Jakarta, you can only sit one person, you need to wear a helmet according to regulations, and some companies will give disposable masks. In order to experience the motorcycle uber, I took two cars with pp. There are a lot of vehicles interspersed on the road, and the car is not fast. In order to avoid the congestion, the road is broken, even though it is blocked. We waited 40 minutes for the distance of 4.4 kilometers before we arrived at the destination, and I paid him 9 Singapore dollars.

I was walking in the mall and watching the shops that all looked the same in the world. I felt that all this was full of magical feelings and that there was a culture shock. It’s not that I’ve been sitting in the country for a long time to earn five dollars. It’s just a green striped jacket, a mobile phone while watching, some uber motorbikes staring at the phone on the road, along the way. The exhaust of the car and the drenched clothes on the back made me feel a sense of distance.

In the days that followed, we observed the special features of the city in the endless traffic jam. Someone guides the traffic through the congested intersection, and the driver who walks out of the shortcut will open the window skillfully and hand him a coin when passing the person. In the red light, a person who promoted the tumbler walked on the lane line, put the tumbler on the ground and beat it hard, watching the people in the car indifferent and then walked between the two cars. There are stalls selling food on several roads in the middle of the old town and the train station. Most of them are fried tofu, grilled chicken, stir-fried with noodles or noodles and sauces.

I remembered eating downstairs the day before I thought about it. We are saying that his postponement of retirement has already blown up the circle of friends. The mileage says that this is always the same as the previous events. After a few days, there is no news. I also feel that many times we don't know what to do to have eggs. We don't really know what's wrong with our world; just like the gap between the rich and the poor seen in Indonesia, we just can't find a way to change after being touched, and we can only cope with it.The pressure of my own life has forgotten these problems that are too difficult to find. Only a few people will work hard to seek change.

So in the end, mainly the question of how to go. I have always believed that human society is moving forward; it is only that we can and should not choose to live a happy life.
Before I went to clementini on the day, I talked to Yudhish about his party while eating. Before I was preparing to present the article on the Singapore Constitution, I learned about the history of the elections and the PAP-controlled elections. I ran to youtube and watched the speech of the Workers’ Party Liu Chengqiang in the post-2015 election. I remembered why the uber driver told me that there were a lot of Chaozhou girls in Hougang. Yudhish loved his party very much. When he was a soldier, he ran to be a volunteer. Later, after joining the party, he participated in many HDB visits, activities such as residents' meetings, and the propaganda of workers on social media during the election. In the 2015 general election, he was a freshman and lived in the school. During the weeks of the rally, he took the subway back to Hong Kong every night.

He said that each of the two parties competing for the vote in each constituency will send one person to supervise the tellers, and discuss whether the votes are valid in the event of a dispute. He played this role when he was 18 years old. At that time, a ticket was voted for PAP, but a "Fxxk the PAP" was added to the paper. So he provoked that if such a vote can be counted, it proves that PAP accepted this insult. I forgot that his radical method was finally successful.

Maybe I don't know many people. He is the one who knows the most passionate about real politics. We walked around a few clusters of cllementi and found that there were many different institutions in a small community. Yudhish tirelessly introduced us to the origins of various organizations and their links with the government and various parties. A long time ago I read an article about Brazil saying that their newspapers would put politics in the last edition because there were not many people concerned. I also often feel that politics is a power struggle away from my own life, and there is absolutely no interest to be concerned. Maybe later, when my favorite movies, games, music, words and styles were treated unfairly, I realized that this is actually very close to my life. In the big words of Prof Teo, it is social justice.

There is a neighborhood committee in the group of houses. The big sister who helped me didn't like PAP very much, so she quickly got closer to Yudhish. They organize activities for the elderly, serve the poor families, and have a small garden. The garden was locked and only two old auntie would go inside to grow vegetables. It is said that there were more than a dozen old people before, and the old people were old. These two old auntie seem to be too small, occasionally territorial struggles. The girls in the same group said that her master's thesis researched this kind of garden, and found that the vegetables that were grown seemed to use bad fat, so they were unhealthy and not suitable for eating. We then expressed an inexplicable mood towards the two old people and the friends who ate their dishes.

The Mama shop downstairs is a Burmese. She posted a photo of a face that had been torn away and only Aung San Suu Kyi’s face was attached to the door. I am so dull and blind, I told everyone to say that the wow person put her own photo outside the store. Later, we were surprised to find that there was a group of Burmese people in the vicinity. Even the students who lived in Clementi for more than 20 years did not know. In addition to ordinary groceries, the store sells extra food and flour with the words 歪 蝌蚪.

The parents in a Singapore class have a girl who is a Burmese. The vague and strong understanding of the concept of "Singapore" has led me to ignore the complex background behind them, and to default all the differences in the color and cultural habits of Singapore to the unique characteristics of Singapore, and to ignore each family. The different choices made in the wave of the times have resulted in different ways of inheritance.

Some of the peranakans find decent jobs in excellent English, and the wealthy families are well-fed; sometimes they still use Baba Malay (the Malay language contains many Hokkien languages). Some Chinese have jumped out of their own backgrounds, minimizing the differences between races, and forgetting Chinese; some are sticking to tradition in the midst of displacement. There is a programmer who says that his mother will only speak Fujian, so the whole family does not understand Chinese. The Christians written on the documents are only written on the documents, so his identity is only one "Singapore".

He also has a sentence that I am very impressed with, saying that the parents are guiding him to do things, such as hard work, such as integrity, he does not know whether these are only the traditional values ​​of the Chinese, or shared with all races. Growing up in a group with only one strong voice will make us lack of correct judgments about many phenomena, including blind self-confidence to our own group. When I was young, there would be a division between Chaoshan people and “outside provinces”; when Singapore first came, there was a division between Chinese and others. Nationality, race, religious beliefs, and personal self-positioning are all different. I realized that from sec3 to JC, I never had any curious about the identity of my classmates and friends, and I didn't ask when their family came to Singapore and understood their identity and Singaporean identity. This is never a sensitive issue; it is about the constant reflection and understanding of everyone's growth.

I used to feel that I was a world citizen. Especially in the gap year, Couchsurfing liked the kind of openness and friendliness in the community. When sec4, Ma did not know what topic he was talking about and said that your body has been carrying the precipitation of Chinese culture for five thousand years and cannot be thrown away. I don’t think so much in my heart. I feel that I will not condemn this person in the first fifteen years of my life. This is a struggle and a contradiction; it is a process of self-reflection while learning about other cultures.


When we crossed the train station in Jakarta, pp said, "No one wears shorts." We realize that most people wear long pants. The next day we missed the boat jumping on the island and went to the playground. PP wore a camisole and slippers. We went from the entry point to the ticket sales area to buy tickets, and a long and wide corridor repeatedly played a happy song like Kung Hei Fat Choi. The opposite was the hundreds of students who bought the tickets. It seems to come from different schools. And most of them are Muslims, and they are tightly packed. The children stared at us very curiously.

The first team in the playground, we accidentally ranked in the middle of eight little girls. I asked pp to guess the turtle soup. While watching the two groups of girls before and after snickering each other, pretending to take a selfie, I tried very hard to control my impulse to make faces. Later, at the entrance, we forgot to turn off the flash, and shouted and shouted together. PP was very speechless, and the haunted house inside turned and shouted to scare them.

It is still fun to digest. Later, another team, we were in a room, only through a few windows to see the window. That twenty minutes gave me a slight sense of oppression. When the team moves, the person standing in front turns to walk towards you and pretends to take a quick look at you. The person behind will also look at you with an understatement. Everyone has nothing to do, but you know that they are aware of your existence, and can guess that they are looking at you when you talk in a language you don't understand.

Then I recalled that this sense of oppression may be even more terrible for others. After all, we are only experiencing the most basic ones. When I was living in a cousin before college, I saw a black woman holding a child on the way to the village of Jiahe Wanggang, and pushing a child in the stroller. Some people are used to their existence, but most of them will look a little more when passing by. As part of the main group, we don't feel that our approach is inappropriate, and our curiosity is not malicious. It's just that we can ask ourselves more seriously and let them be free to integrate into the community.


I said that we feel that every time we travel, we will try different styles. My mother later said that people are going to go to various islands, and you are going to the city to tan. We don't know what the best way to understand each place is; it's just a matter of what is happening.

The public name of Litchi has finally sent a new article after a long time. I believe that in the next year, she will write more words in the school of Linzhi to take more pictures. Our wish is world peace.

Mustard must be married. The little girl who said that my love is coming to Wuthering Heights is getting married.

When she was in military training, she wore old mother glasses to tie up the bangs to reveal large forehead acne, and also wrote a very detailed narrative article on military training. I don’t know if she was selected as a essay. On February or March, I went downstairs to eat breakfast and saw her put her hair down and combed it into a soft-skinned girl. Peng Kai said that the pig's eyes were really good. I saw potential stocks a month ago. At that time, life was really simple. I only thought about carrying a few words and how to use up 128 phone cards every day.

The ZTE mobile phone that used to send information has 200 SMS inventory. Hit a word and press the button many times. After adding a friend, he was asked to leave a message on the message board and wrote two rows of sour words to reveal the sentiment of a singer. And I don't know why I also made a phone call. After I finished playing, I asked if I would add 17909 to the province and it would be cheaper. At that time, I felt that this person was very serious about his friends.

There was a lib in tms, there was a foreign aunt who asked where the mustard was, and Mr EngKK said "Lanzhou". Then there was the magnificent feeling of singing in Lanzhou, Lanzhou. However, the mustard is just a contrast to the face. Later, I found that she had a stable and comfortable character, and was able to maintain balance in the ups and downs of life, unlike some of the wood that we would involuntarily or arbitrarily sway, like the east coast breakwater washed away. And vhall canteen uncle's hand.

And once I went to pp lib, I went to eat autumn capacity. Qiu Rong's egg flowers are as happy as the bubble-rich hops. After talking about some old things, she said that listening to you is silent and afraid to raise his head and see two lines of tears. Then she had a version of ps that wrote the grandparents' home, where there was no water.

Congratulations on finally completing the original dream of the more serious little girl.
The pharaoh of the shop took away the cod liver oil and the things in the three boxes, leaving a bucket of unfinished Ipoh and a few mysterious coins with a jug of wine on it. He did not tell us if this is an Oman coin.

Our mattresses are generally hard with wood. They are all too flustered, not as good as the sofa in the living room. The wifi signal in the house is extremely poor. When the door is closed, the door is broken when the door is closed. When decorating the little brother, the sofa and the small table in the living room are always his position. Getting up every day and going home will see him tweeting his computer, teaching a lesson or doing something else. One day I took a shower and found that he had an old book that he had just bought, which was a pattern of Chinese decorative ornaments. The foreigner who edited mostly explained the "maze" for the central text, although we couldn't understand what it was. Xiao Ge thinks that design is not an artistic creation, and it needs to be explained by rules. So he showed me the furniture decoration he designed, and the circle formed by each corner should be tangent to other circles. (coin pattern)

The younger brother took a two-year study and went to Shenzhen to participate in a fitness training camp. The obsession with traditional art and patterns gave him a smooth sense of history. He used to be a StarCraft player. Every once in a while, he will go to the Hearthstone platform to update the game and not play. He has no interest in food at all, so he has never had a desire to eat something in his life. One day we went to the Chaoshan Baked Goose Shop downstairs. He said that he didn't eat anything with wings. I was ordered by me and Lao Wang, and I ordered 30 pieces of roast goose and pig ears. I ended up being too greasy and left the meat worth 20 yuan. And Pharaoh since then wants to go to Shantou. I went to Chaozhou at the end of June. I said that I don't understand. You have to find a Raiders yourself. He said that it's okay. I will go to Shantou next weekend and go to Jieyang next weekend. If this person plays the mysterious sea, he should climb upstairs to the top of the corner to get the trophy to complete 100% achievement.

It was a sunny Saturday, and Pharaoh was still talking to the customer service that sold his notebook. He bought a 140 book and the store sent him a gift worth 40, which is also a book. When he arrived, Pharaoh found that the quality of the two books was the same, so he felt that he was very poor. How can the quality of the gifts be so good, it is better to buy two gifts. However, Pharaoh does not want to return, but just thinks that the store's approach is unreasonable, so it is related to customer service theory. The grievance customer service told him the truth for two days and finally couldn't stand it. You tm is a rogue. Then we laughed on the road in the community. (Shantou special fierce)

Later, the decorating little brother went back to the small summer camp for the postgraduate entrance examination. Pharaoh moved into the company's large apartment and raised a russet-haired puppies, taking them out every day. After that, I lived in a single room for almost a month, and the other two rooms in the house also had only one person. A girl is waiting for an internship to go to graduate school. When I am in a hurry, I often work overtime until the early hours of the morning. I like to chat very much, and often do the good girlfriends of her girlfriends. The chicken leg brother is the earliest to rent until I leave. Chicken legs and brothers exercise every day. At noon, they fixed white water and steamed two chicken legs to the company. Later, he often bought two egg cakes at night and then went home to cook three more eggs. He will go to the supermarket to buy 12 chicken legs and broccoli and countless sweet peppers for the week. He said that the sweet peppers are delicious and the thief is so sweet that I tried it and it is much more delicious than cooked. After we finished our meal, we fancy and laugh in the living room. There are too many things about him. The most representative thing is to look at the window and the big mouse and he said that he has no sense of smell. I said that if you don't do the live broadcast, it is a waste. You can drive fifty canned fish without fear. He is very capable of changing jobs. After jumping for three companies in four days, I went up with my salary and I was too happy. (towel)

One day the landlord told us that someone in the community saw us in the house last night. There was a woman who didn’t wear clothes and walked on the treadmill in the middle of the night, and we really had a treadmill. So we all had the proof of absence, we were scared enough, and began to imagine the story of all kinds of murderous houses and then floated in the air. The next day the landlord told us that the person was wrong and was next door. Later roommates said that the landlord was just lying to comfort you.

Later roommates were selling, and the cities in China were swaying for several years. When he moved in, he was changing jobs. When he moved, he was still changing jobs. After resigning, he has been unscrupulous for a while, and I will only see him sleeping happily every morning when he goes to work. He said that what to do in Shenzhen, and can not stay, return to Nanchang mixed with a few years of people to get up and have long-term hope. But he still did not go.

There is also Page. When Peggy came, he took a pecs and watched it on the sofa every night. She is a Chaozhou native. When she came home, she brought back a salted chicken. After a few weeks of freezing and freezing, I went to see it occasionally and thought about when to eat. I was still freezing when I left. When Zhang Jingxuan’s concert was on the first day, she sang songs and tempted me to buy a scalper ticket and rushed to the Red Pavilion. The chicken leg brother also came to a roommate, but he would rather sleep in the living room sofa. His roommates occasionally chat with his girlfriend in the living room, and we have to pretend that we can't hear and can't turn off our ears. He learned to cook with chopsticks every day after opening the stove, but he always cleaned up and plugged the sewer. (painting)

After that, our quadruple room lived in a guy who is doing overseas e-commerce. On the first day of the check-in, we cleaned up our house. He is very sleepy. When I grabbed the phone line before I went to sleep, I turned over too much, and the bed squeaked, and he would wake up in his dreams. So after that I just pulled up the wire and flipped it twice. The ground stalls left the essence of the red dates. He bought a bunch of Nanchang rice noodles from the Internet, and once I gave it to me, and added some meat to make a fight with the grain fish meal. In the last week, I moved into a northeast buddy who came back from Canada and said that I had a short-term rent with my girlfriend for a month. It is said that it is from the foreign country to the country, I am afraid that it will not go back in a while. On the last night, we called a beer and two packs of Mimi to see a domestically produced piece of fun and spit. It seems to be a thousand-year-old love story, a monk with a very hard hair and a catwoman who looks very demon.

Then I bid farewell to the sofa bed, bid farewell to the hard bed, and bid farewell to the cauldron and big spoon. (landscape map)

                        I am embarrassed, I want to point to myself and say nothing.
 
   The white sea of ​​the whole body slowly swirled around the yard, and the white candlestick shivered slightly as the stream rushed. I was sitting in the corner of the house, my eyes were blurry and shimmering, and the golden dragonfly in my hand lost its temperature before one day, and it was so cold for a long time in my hand. After drinking this jug of wine, it is almost a good farewell.
    "Shut up there is no Fu Jin here!" The fourth brother is still coming. I regained the patron saint as soon as I was condensed. The four brothers went to the gloomy area and walked away. I handed the black cloth cover to the thirteen brothers and handed a look. Thirteen brothers patted me on the shoulder and walked with the fourth brother.
    "Alaho hole is open. Fluorescent flickering." The silver light of the tip of the rod flies into the oil lamp and turns yellow. Ruowei looked at me on the wall like a smile.
    "You intend to keep me in this little black room, so that I can't see it?" She said disdainfully.
    "I don't want to see that the compound soup is ready to become a fourth brother when you take power in the capital to be slammed by a pillow." I sat down at the table and was facing her. On the table neatly placed her laurel wand, the brand of the laundry factory, the broken phoenix blood jade bracelet, the magnolia scorpion, several scrolls, and dozens of small bottles in a wooden box.
    "The fourth brother has just been here. According to the agreement, I gave the portrait to the thirteen brothers. If you are successful, you will see the Yangxin Temple tomorrow. Be careful in the past, if you are frightened and frightened your fourth brother, then Dispelling the great sin of the political affairs." If you look at me with anger, the emotion on your face is fleeting. "Has Qiaohui gone?"
    "Go, the old thirteen also feels that it is appropriate for her to take care of Cheng Huan. Qiao Hui will secretly teach her magic. When she is a few years old, I will let Qiao Hui give her the wand left by her mother. Rest assured, In the thirteenth house, she can still have a long birthday son. Qiao Hui took her, not afraid to be discovered by others." She did not listen, thoughtful. We sat quietly for a while. The silvery white smoke in the small bottles is intertwined with each other.
    "One of these bottles is about green cockroaches." I picked one up. If she finally chooses to leave her most profound memory as much as possible, she feels that after she dies, she can only preserve some of her traits and cannot present her life imprint of brilliant beauty. It can be considered very narcissistic.
    "One day, Cheng Huan will jump into this picture to kill me." If you squat for a while, point to a bottle and say, "Hey, that one, the third hand, right, you should want to see." I grabbed the bottle and poured it into the meditation basin. The thick smoke drowned me. This is the first time I have entered the memory of Ruoqiang.
    I stood in the door of the dry palace and saw several eunuchs walked over. The young Ruoqiang stood at the door, his face was cloudy and uncertain. Suddenly, I frowned and my face was bright and flashed on one side. The person who waited for her to escape came in, took two steps, and suddenly became stagnant. If he walked quickly behind the man, he walked into the side hall. The man seems to have just been given a silent spell. Li Gong just came out of the main hall, looked up a few times, and then waited in front of the temple. I glanced at it and followed the side of Ruoqiang into the side hall.
    The people in the side hall are being questioned. The voice he answered was gentle and low, and there was no life. If he ordered him to put the carrying case on the table, open the cloth on the box. Two beautifully colored Haidongqing stood in a tight position in the cage, staring sharply at the people outside.
    If you take out your wand and point to the sea in the cage, the wrists are shaking, and the curse is cursed: "Drilling the bones!" The spell is red, and the two sorrows are too late to be sent, and they fall over in the cage. In a group, the feathers fluttered. If she didn't stop, she kept watching silently, her eyes were awkward and hateful, until the feathers of the cage iron bars could not make any sound.
    The scene changes suddenly. Stir in the white fog and flipped a bucket. When I fell down, I saw Ruo Yao smiled and stood aside. She was looking at Emperor Ama, her face was uplifting and full of enthusiasm. I saw the young me and the younger brothers, standing together, looking curiously at the gift of the eight brothers to Arma. Li Gonggong opened the cloth. Emperor Ama knocked down a table of porcelain. The people in the temple slammed into the ground, and when they landed, they pretended to be a panic. The white mist shrouded me and put me back in front of the meditation basin. Ruo in the painting looked at me with interest.
    "At that time, you already knew that my patron saint was Haidongqing?" I asked.
    "Otherwise, I will not shoot myself. Although it is just a little effort, I prefer to let my children help me to do these things that are detrimental to Yin. I have to know that I have to keep my pure white. In case of reincarnation. Need to check it out." If you say, you find a more comfortable posture by the bed.
    "Yeah, you haven't managed the yin of your babe. Brother because you have been imprisoned for so many years, now you can't come out, and you haven't seen him. It's a blessing to have this kind of master." "
    "You don't want to swindle me anymore. I know that you have already placed him. I was a dumb gun. I broke my plan. Otherwise, I don't need to toss for so long. I also lost my life." In a word, it seems to be starting to smash. She suddenly began to talk about her 21-year-old girl's feelings. I only finished drinking the wine in the pot, remembering that when we first discovered that the other party would magic, it was in the Eight Brothers. She and Ming Yuge fight and fell into the water, stealing the wand and applying a waterproof spell waiting for the hero to save the beauty. The old thirteen hands hurriedly moved her up, and closed her eyes and pretended to be in a coma. I then whispered a whisper. She smiled and opened her eyes and looked at me with a look of horror. In the intersection of eyes, we can't see the complicated entanglements in the next 21 years.
 
One day when I was hanging out on youtube, I saw a Singaporean movie called "Happy Life", which is about telling a story of a Singaporean family's pursuit of happiness. The music at the beginning of the film is awesome. Although it is normal to appear as a widely-known Weinan song in this Chinese film, the development of this song always reminds people of its rich meaning to Taiwanese. In 1933, as one of the earliest popular pop songs in Taiwan, it was sung and was adapted into Japanese military songs in the era of Japanese rule. After the end of the Japanese rule, Taiwan experienced the conflict between locals and other provinces and the martial law for forty-three years, accompanied by the Mandarin movement and dialect restrictions. When the government needed to shape the local Taiwan identity, Taiwanese began to be valued as a Taiwanese identity. The cover of Tao Wei and others also reminded people of this song.

As a native speaker of Chaoshan dialect, when he heard a lot of Taiwanese conversations in the movie, he was more intimate and more sensational, because he rarely saw tidal words in the country. Official film. Vaguely remember that there was a "love" in the past few years, which is also full of grassroots flavor. I think it is worthy of relief that the strong family concept and regional identity make this dialect not currently threatened. Compared with this, the impact of Cantonese is obviously greater, so it is not difficult to understand that many people in the Guangdong and Guangxi regions are committed to the promotion of Guangfu culture.

The output of Hong Kong culture in the last century is across languages. However, after the blossoms of the 1980s and 1990s, the success of the four kings inevitably reduced the living space of other singers, and made the form of Cantonese songs gradually monotonous. The impact of the mainland market has led many singers to start publishing Chinese songs. After the glory of Eason Chan, the Hong Kong music scene we faced was a niche but fresh. After abandoning the fixed pattern of Hong Kong-style saliva love songs, Cantonese songs began to seek resonance from the younger generation, and they were more profound in their appeals and conveyed more meaningful messages. Xuan Tsai's "Youth Resident", "Lack", Mai Xiaolong's "The Last Night of the Executioner", a little airport's unique and free attitude, and the "Umbrella" in the umbrella movement.

When I mentioned this, I remembered the evolution of another song. "Blood-stained style" is a song for the soldiers of the People's Liberation Army. After 1989, it became a representative song to commemorate the democratic movement. In that year, there was Hou Dejian in the square. The song he made in 1978 was called "The Dragon's Successor". "The wine cellar is sold without" was originally written by him. Hou Dejian left Taiwan because of the government that over-intervened in literary and artistic creation, and Luo Dayou brought "reflection" to rethink the rebellion. Those who went to the mainland from Taiwan for a while were not allowed to miss the Yangtze River and the Yellow River, and those who stayed on the mainland were not allowed to listen to Teresa Teng who liked to console the Taiwan military. When Nanyang University was closed, Du Nan’s episode of “The Lights” pinned the feelings of the Chinese national culture and was later sung in the oppressed Chinese community in Malaysia. But what eventually made me touch for a long time was Cui Jian's "A Piece of Red Cloth". I looked at his blindfolded eyes in the video. I think we are all looking at the same red cloth after 27 years.

I finally found that at least the familiarity of the language to me represents the degree of cultural alienation. And I also found that I may not have a way to become a world citizen. But at least I should be able to watch the entire Chinese language culture circle. I know that Huang Mingzhi has also kept me thinking about why I have been in the perspective of big countries gazing for so many years.

When I heard "Cry Father North", I heard "Your teacher is stuck", or Zin taught me during the summer vacation in Zhejiang University. I couldn't help but laugh. Huang Mingzhi's song is famous for the uniqueness, vulgar language of Malaysian Chinese and the irony and lyrics of the government. "I love my country" satirizes the corruption and inefficiency of the police and government departments; "Gang Raba" appeals to the hardships of the foreign workers in Myanmar. "Hainan Rap", "School Cantonese" and even "Beat Man" are his practice of various Chinese dialects. "Tokyo Basin", "Thai Love Song", "Little India", etc. are an alternative deconstruction of Asian countries and other races as a Chinese. When he describes a particular culture with lyrics and bold imitations, we can escape the politically correct alienation. "New Year Song 2010" represents the de-Chinaization and the reconstruction of Chinese culture overseas (all songs need to be accompanied by MV).

The world outside the continent and the outside world are ingesting completely different information, and I have more information channels outside the wall but I am not in danger of getting rid of the sky. While sharing the same language, the content we push every day is entirely determined by habits and thinking inertia. And we often need to gaze at the outside world to help us reconstruct ourselves.

Xu Wei discovered eggplant eggs in the last few weeks. Then we have been circulating "The Waves" and "The Prodigal Sons". At noon today, I talked to my colleagues about their home economics in middle school. Some colleagues said that he likes Wang Gang’s wide oil. After work, I pulled the pole next to the 10-meter Japanese food store. The Indian brother I was pulling together said that the pole was too slippery. He doesn't know English, I can only use gestures. When I got home, I spent two hours with me and finished this article with me. I sincerely hope that people in this world will have a heartfelt happiness.
There are still some things to share after the Chinese song class is finished:
1. Jay Chou is really talented. The songs of more than a decade ago are now completely out of date.
2. We talked about the Shining Orchestra. I remembered Zin’s "The Imperial Army". We all know what kind of past Taiwan has experienced, and we don't know what kind of future it faces.
3. There is a sentence in The Curved Moon that we still sing the songs of the past. One interpretation is that the development of music has stagnated for ten years.
4. Deng Lixin has a very good song called "The Tanabata". The professor interprets the lyrics as the emotional alienation between Hong Kong and Beijing.
5. When Zhang Zhenyue just debuted in Taiwan, he walked in the same sunshine style as Lin Zhiying.
6. Wang Jie’s voice is really nice.
7. You asked what I saw, and I said that I saw happiness.

Before chatting with colleagues, he mentioned that when his wife was originally produced, he had to stay at home for ten days according to the custom of confinement. He could not wash his hair or air conditioner. Later, his wife insisted for a few days and couldn’t stand it. I was surprised and said that we have not had so many rules there. He said that in fact, some Chinese families in Singapore and Malaysia are more conservative in China.

The traditional habits represented by confinement are mostly challenged and eliminated by the ever-changing scientific conclusions, but they have more tenacious vitality outside the mainland. On the one hand, the cultural traditions outside the mainland have avoided the violent treatment of the four revolutions of the Cultural Revolution, thus maintaining more inheritance in some respects. On the other hand, the attitude of clinging to traditional customs and not being challenged shows the problems encountered in dealing with the cultural experience of the local culture. The Chinese Cultural Renaissance Movement launched by Taiwan during the martial law period attempted to establish Taiwan as the successor of orthodox Chinese nature, and verified the legitimacy of the regime with the purity of cultural traditions. This attempt failed and succeeded in igniting Taiwan’s native In the Malaya peninsula, maintaining the traditional extreme attitude implies the inappropriateness of the Chinese community to counterattack when the Chinese culture encounters external resistance.

The Malaysian Chinese in the post-colonial era struggled to survive under the Malay supremacy policy and the ethnic culture was suppressed. Chinese is not accepted as a national language, and MCA literature loses its place in national literature. Under the efforts of the Chinese community, schools with Chinese as a medium of teaching have been preserved. However, the diploma of the independent middle school is not recognized locally, and the last bastion of Chinese has been challenged (for example, in 1987, the government sent Chinese officials to China). Elementary school caused the Tianhou Palace to protest and became the fuse of the thatched action. Wang Anyi mentioned in her "The Language of Wandering" that she observes the importance of Chinese to the Chinese in Malaysia: it is both a retreat as a national backing and a statement of the status of the country.

Ethnic identity and national identity cannot be reconciled. For some people who adhere to the ethnic front, the abandonment of tradition is regarded as abandoning the culture and identity of the ethnic group; on the contrary, under the cover of the national consciousness, the excessive closeness of the specific ethnic culture (Chinese and other forms of representation) is regarded as In order to have a nationalist (Chinese/Chinese) tendency, it is thus full of political danger (China). Such conflicts create more confrontation and create a more distinct position. The process of adhering to the "Chinese culture" by the Chinese community has inevitably spawned the "performance culture" proposed by Huang Jinshu ("Chinese Sex and Performance"). Huang Jinshu believes that the level of 'the rescued' culture remains at a level that is easy to understand, easy to perform and easy to accept by most people, and that shows the 'traditional Chinese culture' of 'traditional Chinese culture' (or 'commerciality' '), advertising, consumerism - the projection of the sponsor's desires) and immigration (projection of the performer's desire). Because of the lack of support from the classical system and the literature system, culture can only be presented in a "limited, concrete, material way", so that "cultural performance" becomes a "performance culture." In this process, “Chinese Culture” has been dissolved into cultural symbols such as lion dances, dragon boats, and calligraphy.

Although the Chinese ethnic group in Singapore did not encounter such political difficulties, they also faced similar difficulties. For the sake of racial integration and economic development, English becomes a common language, and each family is given its own "native language." In the past few decades, the loss of students’ lives has disappeared completely in the mother tongue (Chinese, Malay, Tamil). The mother tongue of Singaporeans has been declining. Wang Anyi mentioned that she said in the seminar that Singapore does not need to adhere to Chinese, but should focus on developing English to become a complete language (not only work, but also cultural and emotional). This view shows the embarrassment of Singapore's cultural desert islands in the last century, and also hints at the bottleneck in the development of Singaporean Chinese.

Wang Anyi’s father, Wang Xiaoping, grew up in Singapore but was born in the mainland. In 1940, he arrived in the mainland to join the work of the literary and art war, and has stayed in China since then. In the context of the War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression, the Chinese youth in Nanyang were concerned about the origin of their father's hometown/river, and gave birth to a "common imagination of China." However, the establishment of New China in 49 years and the independence of Singapore and Malaysia have made the Chinese community more seriously consider the issue of localization. Different strategies have created what Wang Dewei called "three people's doctrines": immigrants, Yimin, and survivors. "Immigration has left the country and seeks to settle down. The Yi people are subject to foreign domination and lose the power of cultural and political autonomy. The survivors are rebellious, abandoning the new dynasty, and in the very circumstance, insist on the thinking of the country." "Chinese sex" has become an important topic of discussion in dealing with overseas Chinese identity. "China" is not the People's Republic of China in the political sense; it is an imaginary space in history and culture. Under the political liquidation of Singapore's internal law, the Chinese student movement and the development of Chinese language are faced with the risk of being named as pro-communist, left-leaning, and Chinese chauvinism.

To this day, Chinese will still be given an additional label: the choice of Chinese is regarded as the choice of the history, culture, and tradition behind the language, and the sense of identity with the nation may transcend the sense of national identity. Language and identity are closely linked, which creates additional constraints on the free use of language.
Yin Songyu’s experience in studying abroad for four years (before Taiwan’s consciousness bursts out) is the freedom of Chinese to use Chinese and “a kind of liberation, from cultural burdens, root-seeking roots, and compassion and oppression. Liberation in peace." Yin Songzhen believes that the limitation of the scope and level of Chinese use in Singapore is "man-made limitations." He eventually left Cambridge again, and got rid of the shackles of Chinese in his foreign countries and regarded Chinese as a simple ability. Mr. Zeng Zhaocheng used Donggan (a Muslim in Central Asia, with the color of Shaanxi and Gansu in his mouth) as an example to show that language and ethnic identity are not inseparable, and Yin Songyu provides a perspective of Chinese as a capability. Another way to find a way: "If you can change your mindset and regard Chinese as an individual that can accumulate extractable language capital without over-emphasizing its inheritance of ethnic culture, it is not an idea to encourage Chinese learning."

Moreover, Nanyang Chinese are often placed in the opposite position of the Central Plains in discrete discussions, which makes Chinese learners doubt their own Chinese level in the comparison of the Central Plains. For ordinary Singaporean Chinese students, the discipline of Chinese and the limitations of their use have intensified their self-confidence in their own Chinese. The limitation of language use field causes the use of Chinese language to be more limited to cultural products, such as music, movies, drama, literature, in addition to everyday language. There is a certain requirement for the Chinese level of the participants, and it is not Must be more attractive than English cultural products. In many primary schools and universities, there are only a handful of local students who join the Chinese Society. The activities of the Chinese Society often lack local factors, just the carnival of Chinese students. In the end, Chinese can only become a spiritual home for a small number of people. Chinese-speaking Chinese turn to other forms of Chinese culture, and let us think about the core of culture. There is much room for development in the language absent, and whether language learning is difficult to escape cultural burdens.

"These Gypsies can only roam spiritually, Chinese is a wandering place, and Nanda is a fortress on the wandering ground." Wang Anyi compared the graduates of Nanyang University to the Gypsies, and they were unconscious in the spirit.

Yu Dafu’s exile and disappearance in Nanyang is a kind of exiled poetics in Gao Jiaqian, providing unlimited desire for production.

In Huang Jinshu’s own interpretation of Mahua literature and Taiwanese literature, both belong to stateless Chinese literature. Huang Jinshu’s 20 years of experience in the localization movement and his insistence on studying and writing about Malaysia rather than Taiwan were interpreted by Qiu Guifen as his dual exile. Qiu Guifen believes that Huang Jinshu's book shows that he places himself and China in a discrete position. "Belakang mati" in Huang Jinshu's novel "Rain" tells the story of a Chinese youth's self-exile. He experienced a desperate escape route to the island of Supreme (the old name of Sentosa Island, the political prisoner Xie Taibao was imprisoned for 30 years, reflecting the novel story). After the island, "just like people do not have a tail, the article does not continue." This spiritual self-exile seems to be understood as drifting in a discrete state, an exploration towards an unknown state.

Wandering, displacing, exile, perhaps no roots, no back, no meaning.

Stuffed tofu on guild house
Mr. Wang’s Vice President of Confucius
Read poetry at the beginning of each week. Engaging in the poems is very fast, you can't forget it once you read it. And because the positive speech was appreciated by the teacher, I received the praise blame for "You don't want to say the answer so quickly, otherwise the other students have no chance to think." Wen Tao wrote notes by hand, let me see itchy, began to recover the habits of many years ago, and wrote words on paper. Weilong noticed and introduced me to a dictionary website called Meng Dian. He said that he studied Chaozhou dialect in the hall and cultivated philosophy in school. It’s very formal to send a message to me. I’m called you. I’m going to talk to me when I’m back from the People’s Republic of China during the holidays. I’m very scared. The class also hides a Fuzhou girl who is young and enters the association, causing a horror. The teacher said that the technique of making poetry is very skillful, but he still changed the name of his sister in the Tibetan poetry, and the onlookers laughed.

Chicken rice after class is often routine every week. Wen Tao will point to the combination of the so-called "three blacks and one white" (can't really remember what it is), and he also learned from him to call the whole chicken tail. I guess the chicken tail is the meat next to the chicken's butt. It is said that the taste is similar to that of the chicken leg and it is cheaper. I have been calling white-footed meat (white chicken legs + white chicken since I was a senior in class), so I remembered the jokes of my legs and feet. This semester has three days a week to eat at fass, and it is not annoying to eat white meat three times a week. It has created a controversy about where to go to eat with Chinese students. They ate four years of fass, and even went to utown for a meal, full of a distressing sense of ritual.

This year's class was even in the same group as joel. He likes to read books, and is one of the very few people who will read the reading recommended by the teacher in the elective course. I went to borrow books to read, and there was a film about Chinese fifth-generation directors and their theme of the Cultural Revolution. Joel has two friends who share geography like him. A big brawny man’s bag reads “Yi Gai Yun Tian”, his shoulders look like bricks, and he looks like a brick. Teacher Liu asked him why the ghosts in the ghost story like Ghost Story are all female. He said that girls are more mysterious. Hard to understand. Another Chinese is very good. Later, he learned that his mother is a Chinese teacher. They always go to the same table when they are eating at fass, saying that there is good feng shui there.

I then recommended Joel "Sunny Days" and told him that this is a unique writing of the Cultural Revolution. If the Chinese department has any influence on my viewing experience, it will probably be more concerned with the combination of film and the background of the times. Interpretation of nature is multi-faceted, but interpretations of issues involving the times are often more profound and interesting. However, in addition to this, Ma Xiaojun’s experience of free sloshing in the city is also very special. The students of urban literature often refer to the image of Benjamin's urban wanderers, which makes me want to be happy. The wandering wandering in the open space of the city is, for me, a self-evident declaration of sovereignty and a sense of happiness full of freedom.

When reading the New Feeling School, it is hard to imagine that the Shanghai city in 1990 was so dynamic and so dynamic. Li Oufan’s "Shanghai Modern" refers to the daily wandering habits of those writers. Compared with the Nanjing Road Department Store, which is popular among the public, literary and art workers like to chat and observe the city. The new feelings are not only shuttled to the racetrack, nightclubs, but also to the search for cafes in the French concession filled with paulownia. A group of writers will chat in the cafe between four and six in the afternoon and will be driven out at dinner time. The 鸳鸯Butterfly Party smoked smoke in the teahouse on Fuzhou Road, and there were prostitutes on both sides of the street. The teacher showed us a women's magazine "Linglong", which was published in 1931. It seems to be the "Friends" of that era.

They said that there are three very strict teachers in the Chinese Department, and all three have taught me. I naturally like these teachers very much. They dominated my senior year.

Kang Yan always succumbs to the fact that I am immersed in the Chinese Department's group worship activities and won prizes. On that day, I saw a silhouette of the Chinese Department of Finance in a prize similar to the Golden Pig.

Who is the first person on the river?


That time I went home and met my grandfather. Turning over in the winter night, the ankles are soft on the outside of the cold quilt.

Every roast goose in the temple is crowded on the stage, and people are walking around to worship different lords. My mom said that there is a pair of lords, called Huagong and Huamu. I used to worship them when I was young. Another unicorn mouth that looks like a dog bites a lot of incense. The solitary stage stood in the middle of the field outside the ancestral hall. The scenes of the impression that the shoulders were smashed were not seen. The little man played only one old man. The old man has a grandson. Three or two children drilled under the stage. I bent over the probe to look at the stage, no one's feet. They are sitting cross-legged behind the stage to control the villain.

Goose meat in the house. I have to cut it from my ass, pick it up and squat down, and finish it. Goose meat and pork scraping are all very realistic. The place where the pork is scraped is in a place called the bridgehead in the memory. It is said that only one piece of money was used in the previous wind tunnel.

A brother mentioned that he used to learn guitar or boast in the broken garden of the town's head. There was an alcoholic old man performing a blowing bottle. Two dollars can go to the shop of Bo to play two or two white wine. Our team of gongs and drums passed through the village, passing through a large hall of the Founder, and there was a chrysanthemum water to drink. Very sweet, drink a bowl.

In the water near the village of Xiachen, he smashed the sand and borrowed shorts from his father to swim. There is mud near the island in the water. The island's uncle, the dinghy, took us to the island. There were black and yellow butterflies that were too enchanting. They were stepped on by the uncle and said they were pests. The island is planted with Podocarpus.

Dad seriously studied the preaching order, so he took part in a calligraphy contest. The name is to celebrate the founding of the party, then write a Xi Jinping verse.

The Jingyue Bridge crossed the Dajiang River across the province and arrived at Bailuo Town. The two sides of the road are built with three floors, and the second floor is connected to the road. The third floor is affixed with the same logo, and two and a half months are surrounded by a star, like a tribal totem.

The fifty jars in Fengkou Town are full when you eat one. There are many ways to do dry, each is delicious, and the yellow bone fish costs only ten dollars. When you eat the glutinous rice, you have to bite the meat behind it, and the circle that is entangled is torn into meat and internal organs. The meat is eaten into the mouth, and the squatting squatting on the face is splashed.

The basketball court in the yard was as quiet as snow, and the aunts who wore the colorful bags smashed through and walked into the mahjong hall in the warehouse on the first floor. The quilt was circled on the rim, and Grandma sat under the basketball hoop and sunbathed. In the evening, my mother carried a child, the back cover of the motorcycle was open, and the bag was staring at the sky.

Pp is the name of the children engraved on the study wall, they may have left the town.
Just like the atmosphere of "The Spring of a Small Town" and "The Orchard City", the small town is always more delicate, more quiet, and has a strong emotion that is out of linear time.

And I imagine you riding a bicycle in the early morning and half-sleeping to eat a bowl of fish noodles. Follow the teacher's long road to the monument's table and recite a sentence as a student representative. Sit quietly or stand up and watch the river pass. In the winter night of minus, a few layers of thick quilts are wrapped. The river we watched had different names; and if there was rain on the winter night, the sound of comforting on the eardrum, the moment we heard together, was all the rain in the world.

Big fat legend
 
This is a normal Monday.
Monday or Friday, there is no difference to the Baodi.
After four years of part-time work at the NUS Nectarine Gym, he has become accustomed to staying at the front desk every day, watching all kinds of athletes come. For him, there are no visitors who will surprise him.
This day is a bit unusual.
Because the person who just walked in, let his chin fall into the belly button.
This person is amazed by Li Shandan, who is known as the leader of Dafei in the rivers and lakes.
Bao Di is not surprised by this title. Although the teaching of the big fat and the gym have always been tit-for-tat.
Li Shandan has not been here for three years.
This is not the first time he has come to the nectarine gym. Instead, he used to be a frequent visitor here.
Only those who have been qualified for a long time like Baodi know that Li Shandan once used the muscles of the cross-body and the scorpion meat in the nectarine gym. He can securely lift two hundred and twenty kilograms of weight, so he was called "two hundred and two pounds top" by the gym's big muscles. Three years ago, he suddenly disappeared. When it reappeared, it made a name for itself with its proud food and fine appreciative power, and became the leader of the NUS's first big school.
However, now he is here again!
 
Squat rack.
The Haier brothers are doing their best to go deep.
There are three deep trusses in the nectarine gym, but this one is different from the other two.
Because the number of barbells on both sides of the barbell is three times that of the other two.
This weight is of course not a lot of people can be embarrassed.
Therefore, this squat rack will not be used too much.
In fact, there is only one person who has used it in recent years.
Haier brothers.
Many people are famous when they went to the gym to see the original Haier brothers are not two people. But they also quickly discovered the meaning of the name.
The right leg of the Haier brothers is white and white, but the left leg is black and bright.
At two o'clock in the afternoon, the sun shone on the squat rack through the glass. The Haier brothers began to exercise. And the outside of his left leg, so covered in the sun until the sunset falls.
It is not so good that it can be done very quickly.
He is undoubtedly a very hard worker, but he also spent a full five years to do it.
Of course, for the Haier brothers, the color difference is only a testimony of his efforts, and the increasingly strong legs are the belief to support their efforts.
But now, these strong legs can't support themselves!
Li Shandan.
On the first day of returning to the gym, the big fat teacher turned to the challenge and completed ten sets of ten squats per round. The weight of two hundred and twenty pounds, they have each married nine rounds, the last round, the Haier brothers can not be completed anyway.
The Haier brothers stood up and put the barbell on the squat rack. He tried to get rid of only six, but he laughed involuntarily. He knew that Li Shandan had exhausted in the ninth round, and the last few were faltering. This tenth round estimated that he could not stand one.
But he soon couldn't laugh.
His estimate is not wrong. Li Shandan has indeed exhausted.
But Li Shandan did not have the slightest fear. He sighed with a big mouth, his eyes staring straight ahead, his hair trembled, and his sweat was shining in the sun. But he still went down one by one.
The ten groups are finished.
Haier brothers face like a gray. The leader of the Dafei teaching actually defeated himself in his five years of hard work, which made him feel uncomfortable.
But he is not discouraged. He is very clear that his failure is not because of himself, but because Li Shandan is a lifeless person.
 
Li Shandan certainly knows that he is a lifeless person.
But when he got to this point, he had no way to go.
It all comes from a bet.
If you lose this bet, Li Shandan must unload his position as a teacher and withdraw from Dafei.
The content of this bet is to compare the weight change with the other party on Friday night, and whoever loses weight in a week will win.
It is not ridiculous to let the teacher of the big fat bet to lose weight.
What is even more ridiculous is that the other party does not have to make a bet relative to Li Shandan's resignation as the leader and the quit of the big fat education. In other words, the other party lost without any punishment.
To be able to make such a ridiculous bet, there is only one person in NUS.
Fengcheng smoke, Zheng Yilai.
Because Zheng Xiaolai is the biggest rogue of NUS.
The reason why he is called Fengcheng Yanyu is because he is good at writing poetry, so that people have given him this poetic name. However, only a few people know that he is a person who likes to lie in private.
If there is any gambling contract that Zheng Hao is willing to accept, it must be a bet that he can play.
And he and Li Shandan's gamble, even do not need him to lie, because he has no loss.
This bet, it seems that the idiot will accept.
Surprisingly, Li Shandan actually accepted the bet.
Li Shandan is certainly not stupid.
A person who is a big fat teacher is certainly not stupid.
He took the bet, it was for the big fat teach!
As the first big teacher of NUS, Dafei teaches many members. These members are roughly divided into two major factions: the fat ghost pie and the long fat pie. The fat ghosts are the loyal basis of the big fat teaching. The members are obliged to go to the fire for the sake of Dafeiyi. At all costs, they are born of big fat people and die as big fat ghosts. The Changfei faction headed by Li Shandan hopes to correct this extreme ideal. They encourage members to pay attention to their health and active exercise in order to enjoy more fate on the longevity road.
The gamble between Li Shandan and Zheng Yulai is precisely to prove the aggressive ambition of Dafei.
 
Friday, half past five.
Bao Di saw a face-faced man coming in. Although his face is yellow, his body is not thin. He walked to the weight scale in the gym.
Baodi knows that this is the one they have been waiting for. Zheng Xiaolai.
Li Shandan is still carrying his last group in the squat rack. He saw Zheng Xiaolai, but he acted like he did not see.
Because he knows that he needs to concentrate on his exercise.
Zheng Xiaolai looked at Li Shandan’s exercise and smiled.
"I have practiced it, and I still use it now."
Li Shandan did not care for him.
At this juncture, I have to grasp one point more.
Zheng Hao came to the scales. The big brother who hosted the gambling record recorded his weight change. From his horrified face, the people in the gym saw that Zheng Xiaolai’s weight loss effect was amazing.
one kilogram!
Li Shandan's heart sank to the bottom.
One kilogram a week, this is not so easy to accomplish. How did he do that?
Zheng Xiaolai laughed and looked at Li Shandan and said, "I am afraid, I want to know how I reduced it?"
"It doesn't matter."
"But I still want to tell you, you need to know how you lost."
Li Shandan looked at Zheng Xiaolai's smug face and chose to let him go.
"I have a meal every night at six o'clock, I haven't eaten at other times. I didn't eat the lab when I was dizzy. I didn't eat when I fell down with the game and my character. I just wanted to see you being Defeated."
Li Shandan did not speak. He couldn't think that Zheng Xiaolai would be desperate for this bet. He always thought that the world's Lai Pi is cynical, they will not be so hearted for one thing.
But Zheng Xiaolai forgot one thing.
He has not won yet.
Li Shandan stood on the scale. When the benchmark stopped, he felt the blood in his body came back. Big Brother is excited to announce "a little two kilograms!"
Won!
Li Shandan looked at the appearance of Zheng Yulai's grass and trees, and felt that the sweat of the week had paid off.
Zheng Xiaolai hung his head and walked out quickly, because the loser did not have a place to stay. In the gym, Li Shandan enjoys the compliments of everyone.
 
After a week of hard work, Li Shandan can finally relax.
In addition to relaxing, he must also supplement the energy he lost.
In nectarine, the most suitable place is the canteen of the southwest gate.
Li Shandan is so happy that there is no happier thing in the world.
Such happy moments are often interrupted.
The one who interrupted him this time was Zheng Zheng who sat down opposite him.
"Let's eat together."
Li Shandan is not allowed.
"May a friend."
Li Shandan smiled. He is not a person who lacks friends. Of course, he doesn't mind one more.
They all bowed their heads and did not eat. It is very common to eat without speaking, especially when two men are eating face to face. So Li Shandan does not think there is anything strange. Maybe Zheng Xiaolai is a person who likes silence.
But when they got up and went to the plate, Li Shandan found that he couldn't control his legs.
Strong legs! It was these legs that accompanied him to spend a week of hard work, defeated the Haier brothers, and won the shameless gamble with Zheng. But now, like soft sponges, Li Shandan can't feel them with any nerve control.
Finished!
Li Shandan felt endless fear in this embarrassment. He could only watch his legs bent down and his knees slammed into the ground!
At this time, Zheng Xiaolai, who was silent, turned around and stood in front of him, looking at him condescendingly.
"It's so cool."
Li Shandan looked around and looked around. There are many people in the southwestern gate of this point. The sound of his jaw is particularly loud, and everyone’s eyes are focused on him.
A person in the middle of the canteen, squatting.
Li Shandan’s heart is as gray as it is.
Anyone who is so humiliated in this way will be ashamed.
What's more, the person he is squatting is Zheng Yilai, the rogue Zheng Zhenglai.
Dafei teaches the Lord and has fallen since then.